I thought , wow , it must be a replica , ” he said .
The man says he heard the perpetrator shouting : “ Allahu Akbar … The Russians will be hanged like this .
The Russians will be slaughtered .
” The woman was dressed in black “ like Muslims , ” but her face was open , Manzhesov recalled .
“ I thought she just went mad … When I saw the head I started shaking … I saw the child ’s face and blood coming from it .


Answer: <arg1> - perpetrator, <arg2> - child

They all fly the Maltese flag .
In addition to Russian accusations , Syrian Information Minister Omran Zoabi also recently alleged that Turkey downed the Russian bomber over Syria in November in response to the destruction of hundreds of truck oil tankers sent to Turkey from Syria by the ISIS .
The information minister alleged that oil smuggled into Turkey was bought by the Turkish president ’s son , who owns an oil company .
Mr al - Zoubi said in an interview , “ All of the oil was delivered to a company that belongs to the son of Recep [ Tayyip ] Erdogan .
This is why Turkey became anxious when Russia began delivering airstrikes against the IS infrastructure and destroyed more than 500 trucks with oil already .

Answer: <arg1> ISIS , <arg2> oil tankers ,

The text of the code makes it clear that , unless you are receiving money for your work from a campaign or a political committee , you are n’t subject to regulation .
Moreover , material I obtained from a Freedom of Information Act request I made via MuckRock for the documentation and discussion surrounding code § 18215.2 suggests that the rule was kept narrow in scope by design .
Bloggers and social media users in California do not have to register with the FPPC in order to write about politics , and so far , no team of government regulators has been employed to police writing online .
The only practical outcome is that a writer online who is being paid by a California super PAC is required to disclose that relationship to his or her readers .
A federal regulation similar to the one adopted by the FPPC would make the technique that Correct the Record is apparently employing far more innocuous by requiring disclosure .


Answer:
<arg1> employee
<arg2> government


“ This is all very calculated , ” one of her advisers told me .
“ Ivana is very shrewd .
She ’s playing it to the hilt .
” Many floors beneath the Trumps , Japanese tourists roamed the Trump Tower lobby with their cameras .
Inevitably , they took pictures of the display of Trump ’s familiar portrait from the cover of his book Trump : The Art of the Deal , which was propped on an easel outside the Trump Tower real - estate office .
The Japanese still took Donald Trump to be the very image of power and money , and seemed to believe , as Trump once had , that this red - marble - and - brass monument was the center of the world .


Answer: <arg1> UNK <arg2> Japanese tourists <

Investigators say nanny killed young girl and set flat on fire before being detained at metro station Police have detained a nanny on suspicion of murder after she was found at a Moscow metro station holding the severed head of a child .
The woman , believed to be from central Asia , can be seen in video footage holding up what appears to be a severed head near Oktyabrskoye Pole station in north - western Moscow .
In the video she is covered in black except for her face and she can be heard shouting “ for a terrorist , for your death ” .


The Answer:
<arg1> - nanny
<arg2

The company allegedly recruits men online through military - themed chatrooms .
In a record of one such conversation obtained by Sky News , a man reaches out to Wagner and answers a few basic questions about his physical fitness and any potential legal issues before being asked to " come to Molkino , " a small town that 's home to a special forces base .
According to Alexander , Wagner is n't highly selective when it comes to recruits , but the training , which lasts for a month or two , is intense , and how the men end up serving depends on their level of military experience .
The two men said authorities are covering up the deaths by reporting the men as missing , or having their records say they died elsewhere .
Dmitry , who is now back in Moscow and says he 's one of about 50 former Wagner troops in the city , gave up his personal identification when he signed up to serve .


Argument1: employees <UNK> 
Argument2:

Where the London - based activist group said that at least 42 ISIS fighters had died .
In the onslaughts ISIS committed killings of whole families for their cooperation with Syrian Army troops , according to Reuters , with some of those killed being beheaded .
The residents in the area of the massacre called al - Bagilya , had received Russian humanitarian aid earlier .
Sputnik news quoted a local in the area as saying : “ The horrific massacre carried out today by ISIL militants in al - Bagilya in Deir ez - Zor .

<arg5> number of victims

<arg1> ISIS 


The leaflets carried several messages to the citizens attempting to reassure them that the advancing army " would not target civilians , " but warned them to avoid the known locations of Isis militants .
The military operation is the most complex carried out in Iraq since US forces withdrew from the country in 2011 .
Last week , the UN said it was bracing itself for the world 's biggest and most complex humanitarian effort following the battle , which it expects will displace up to one million people and see civilians used as human shields .

<arg5> number of 

Answer: <arg1>Iraq

This is why Turkey became anxious when Russia began delivering airstrikes against the IS infrastructure and destroyed more than 500 trucks with oil already .
This really got on Erdogan and his company ’s nerves .
They ’re importing not only oil , but wheat and historic artefacts as well .
” Bilal Erdogan denies Russian allegations Bilal Erdogan this week denied continuous Russian allegations that he and his family were profiting from the illegal smuggling of oil from ISIS - held territory in Syria and Iraq , after Russia ’s defence ministry said it had proof that the Erdogan family was benefiting directly from this trade .


Answer:  <arg1> Bilal Erdogan  <arg2>

The document , prosecutors said , contained a warning , in capital letters , that said : “ This conop [ concept of operations ] contains information concerning extremely sensitive U.S. planning and operations that will be discussed and disseminated only on an absolute need to know basis .
” Martin was not involved in the operation , the government said , and had no need to have the document or know its specifics .
[ Read the government argument to keep former NSA contractor Harold Martin in jail ] Another document found in his car contained handwritten notes describing NSA ’s classified computer systems and detailed descriptions of classified technical operations , the prosecutors said .
In an interview before his arrest , Martin denied having taken classified material and only admitted to it when confronted with specific documents , prosecutors said .


Answer: <arg1> Harold Martin, <arg2> classified documents

RELATED : With Disasters Everywhere , It ’s Time to Take Foreign Policy Seriously Again In what mental universe other than the president ’s does being raised in Hawaii and Indonesia and spending adulthood rising through the academy and U.S. political institutions grant someone a deep ( or even superficial ! ) understanding of Zionism , of the Holocaust , of four wars for survival over 25 years , of unending terrorist violence directed toward civilians , of hijackings and kidnappings and bombings and stabbings , of SCUD attacks from Iraq , rockets from Lebanon and Gaza , incitement and de - legitimization campaigns from Tehran ? Conversely , what in President Obama ’s life story leads him to comprehend the Palestinians , addicted to enmity and resentment and violence , victims of institutional collapse and official corruption , awash and adrift in the worst movements of the last 100 years , from nationalism to socialism to pan - Arabism to Islamic fundamentalism ? Does Obama actually believe that buried in every disagreement with him is an assumption of his inferiority ? 
<arg5> victims

<arg1> Iran 
<arg

I dislike the symbolism of a wall , but the status quo , where we have large swaths of a wall , death - trap gaps in parts of the desert that are particularly dangerous to cross , and armed guards on patrol , many of them corrupt , is n't exactly a symbol of welcome ! It may have more costs than a barrier that decreased instances of agents and migrants meeting .
Either way , so long as the War on Drugs continues , there will be drug - smuggling routes that double as human smuggling routes .
I am not for totally open borders .
While I ca n't tell you exactly how many immigrants I favor , I can say with confidence that America can easily accommodate the people already living here and the levels of both legal and illegal immigration we 're seeing now .


<UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK

Seth Rich , a 27-year - old data analyst at the DNC , was shot and killed early one Sunday morning last month in what police say was robbery gone wrong .
He was killed while walking home in a Washington , D.C. neighborhood that has seen a recent uptick in crime .
Rich 's murder quickly became a fascination of right - wing conspiracy theorists , including longtime informal Donald Trump adviser Roger Stone , who told NBC News that he has been in contact with WikiLeaks Founder Julian Assange .
Related : Why Experts Are Sure Russia Hacked the DNC Emails WikiLeaks recently published internal DNC emails that cybersecurity experts say were stolen by hackers working for the Russian government .


Answer:
Arg1: UNK 
Arg2: Seth Rich

Mike Pence , whose son is in the Marines , said Capt .
Humayun Khan died defending his country in the war on terror .
He blamed Clinton and President Obama — who was an Illinois state senator when Khan died — for allowing the Middle East to be “ overrun ” by the Islamic State .
Pence said proposals such as Trump ’s plan to bar immigrants from certain countries will help reduce military deaths .
“ Donald Trump and I believe that Captain Humayun Khan is an American hero and his family , like all Gold Star families , should be cherished by every American , ” Pence said .


<arg1> Capt. Humayun Khan
<arg2>

Calls for Obama to reconsider his approach have been stirred anew by the latest attacks , which included homemade bombs in New York and New Jersey and stabbings in a Minnesota mall .
The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria took credit for the Minnesota attack on Saturday reportedly carried out by Dahir Adan , a 22-year - old Somali - American who worked at a private security firm .
Nine people were wounded in the stabbings ; Adan was shot and killed by an off - duty police officer .
In New Jersey , Ahmad Khan Rahami , a naturalized U.S. citizen from Afghanistan , was arrested Monday in connection with bombs left in New York City and Seaside Park , N.J. The manhunt for Rahami , arrested after a shootout in New Jersey , instantly gave the GOP standard - bearer new fodder .

<arg5> victims(injured/killed)

Dahir

Some 1.1 million refugees settled in Germany last year .
In return , Ankara will receive billions of euros from the EU , while its citizens would also be given visa free travel to the Schengen zone , which encompasses most of Europe .
The parliamentary vote was originally scheduled to take place a year ago to mark the centenary of the genocide , but due to concerns over the fallout with Turkey , Merkel ’s allies postponed the move .
The mass killings began on April 24 , 1915 , when 250 Armenian intellectuals were detained by Ottoman authorities and later executed in their capital , Constantinople , present - day Istanbul .
Most of the Ottoman Empire ’s Armenians were subsequently displaced , deported or placed in concentration camps , ostensibly for rebelling against the Ottomans and siding with Russia during the First World War .


arg1: Ottoman authorities
arg2: Armenian intellectuals
arg3:

In the Tabqa , near Raqqa , ISIS fighters brought a civilian , Abdul - Hadi Issa , into the main square before dozens of onlookers and announced he was accused of spying .
A masked militant then stabbed him in the heart and , with the knife still stuck in the man 's chest , the fighter shot him in the head with a pistol .
Issa 's body was hanged in the square with a large piece of paper on his chest proclaiming the crime and the punishment .
ISIS circulated photos of the killing on social media .
According to al - Talawy , several other ISIS members were killed in the town of Sukhna near the central Syrian city of Palmyra on charges of giving information to the coalition about ISIS bases in the area as well as trying to locate places where al - Baghdadi might be .

<arg5> victims

Answer: <arg1> ISIS, <

Advertisement Continue reading the main story Mr. Assange spoke from the Ecuadorean Embassy in London , where he has been holed up for four years .
Sweden is seeking his extradition for an investigation into sexual misconduct allegations ; his supporters have expressed fear that if he is arrested , he could be sent to the United States and prosecuted for publishing leaked documents .
After the Democratic chairwoman , Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz , resigned Monday when Sanders supporters reacted angrily to revelations in the emails that party officials had privately rooted for Mrs. Clinton to win the presidential nomination , Mr. Assange told the news program “ Democracy Now ! ” that he had timed their release to coincide with the Democratic convention .
“ Often it ’s the case that we have to do a lot of exploration and marketing of the material we publish ourselves to get a big political impact for it , ” he said .


Answer: <arg1> Mr. Assange 
<arg2>

Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov , asked at a security conference in Munich on Saturday to assess the chances of the cessation of hostilities deal succeeding , replied : " 49 percent .
" Asked the same question , his German counterpart Frank - Walter Steinmeier put the odds at 51 percent .
The complex , multi - sided civil war in Syria , raging since 2011 , has drawn in most regional and global powers , caused the world 's worst humanitarian emergency and attracted recruits to Islamist militancy from around the world .
Assad , backed on the ground by Iranian combatants and Lebanon 's Hezbollah in addition to big power ally Russia , is showing no appetite for a negotiated ceasefire .
He said this week that the government 's goal was to recapture all of Syria , though he said this could take time .


<UNK> <UNK> <UNK>

Scientists have identified an extremely remote chance that this small asteroid could impact on September 28 , 2017 , with odds of no more than 1-in-250-million .
Flybys in 2046 and 2097 have an even lower probability of impact .
' The possibilities of collision on any of the three future flyby dates are far too small to be of any real concern , ' said Paul Chodas , manager of CNEOS .
' I fully expect any future observations to reduce the probability even more .
' Asteroid 2013 TX68 is estimated to be about 100 ft ( 30 meters ) in diameter .


Answer: 
<arg1> <UNK> 
<

The French foreign minister has said he will ask the International Court of Justice to investigate possible war crimes in Syria .
" We do not agree with what Russia is doing , bombarding Aleppo .
France is committed as never before to saving the population of Aleppo , " Jean - Marc Ayrault said .
France and Spain drafted a resolution on resurrecting an agreement on cessation of hostilities in the Syrian conflict which was put before a vote at the UN Security Council on Friday .

<arg5> victims(people)

Answer: <arg1>

' You have become so hardened , you have eliminated so many of us .
Look I am a suicide bomber , I will die , doomsday will come in a second .
' She pulled the severed head out of a bag and walked near the metro station entrance in north - west Moscow .
Video of the dead girl 's mother , Ekaterina Meshcheryakova , collapsing in the street upon hearing the horrific news has emerged .
She was taken to hospital in an unconscious condition .


Answer: <arg1> Ekaterina Meshcheryakova <arg

MORE warned that he would order the Navy to open fire on Iranian boats that provoke American ships , days after a high - seas incident that ended peacefully .
When the GOP presidential nominee laid out his plan to modernize the military during a Friday night rally in Pensacola , Fla. , he took an off - script aside to address his posture toward Iran .
ADVERTISEMENT " With Iran , when they circle our beautiful destroyers with their little boats and they make gestures at our people that they should n't be allowed to make , they will be shot out of the water , " Trump said to loud cheers .
Rally - goers could be heard shouting " shoot them " as Trump wound up .
This week , the Pentagon said seven Iranian attack boats harassed an American destroyer in the Persian Gulf .


arg1: Donald Trump 
arg2: Iranian boats
arg3

First , her “ progressive ” base roundly rejected her vice presidential nominee , U.S. Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia .
Then , the chairwoman of her party resigned in disgrace after getting busted colluding against her former rival , independent socialist U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont .
Finally , there ’s a new documentary out there exposing Clinton as the mother of all special interest whores .


UNK

Ukraine has four special - forces regiments and a further unit of its Defence Intelligence Department – a total of 7,000 troops .
It also has highly capable airborne troops , part of a mobilised army numbering 200,000 , of which 40,000 are always on the country ’s eastern front facing pro - Russian rebels .
Russian air forces annihilate ISIS oil tankers in Aleppo province In terms of Russian language skills and combating Russian tactics , Ukrainians are world leaders .
However , any troop deployment into Syria would be controversial in Kiev , and require a parliamentary vote , with some arguing that Ukraine needs to focus on the rebels who pose a continuing threat in its east , despite the current military deadlock .

<arg5> number of victims

<arg1>: Russian forces  

About its properties he knew little .
The poison was polonium-210 , a rare radioactive isotope , tiny , invisible , undetectable .
Ingested , it was fatal .
The polonium had originated at a nuclear reactor in the Urals and a production line in the Russian town of Sarov .
A secret FSB laboratory , the agency ’s “ research institute ” , then converted it into a dinkily portable weapon .


Answer: <arg1> FSB (Federal Security Service) <arg

In 2011 , Clinton joined with “ liberal interventionists ” in again pushing Obama into a “ regime change ” war in Libya that led to the overthrow and torture - murder of Muammar Gaddafi – which she gleefully welcomed with the quip , “ We came , we saw , he died ” – but has since turned the once relatively prosperous North African country into a failed state with the Islamic State gaining another foothold .
Both as Secretary of State and since her departure in 2013 , Clinton has pressed to escalate the “ regime change ” war in Syria , seeking a “ no - fly zone ” that would require the U.S. military to destroy the Syrian government ’s air force and air defenses , apparently without regard to the risk that the U.S. intervention could pave the way for Al Qaeda ’s Nusra Front and/or the Islamic State to march into Damascus .
Though the Syrian “ regime change ” strategy that Clinton has advocated has failed to oust President Bashar al - Assad , it has transformed another reasonably functional Mideast state into a bloody killing field and driven millions of refugees into what is now a destabilized Europe .
In 2014 , Clinton also has embraced the neocon - backed coup in Ukraine that has touched off a new and costly Cold War with Russia .
Again showing her “ tough - gal ” side , Clinton likened Russia ’s President Vladimir Putin to Adolf Hitler .


arg1: Clinton 
arg2: Obama's 
arg3

ISTANBUL ( Reuters ) - Turkey and Russia signed an agreement on Monday for the construction of a major undersea gas pipeline and vowed to seek common ground on the war in Syria , accelerating a normalization in ties nearly a year after Turkey shot down a Russian warplane .
Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan hosted Russia 's Vladimir Putin at an Ottoman - era villa in Istanbul for talks which touched on energy deals , trade and tourism ties , defense and the conflict in Syria , where the two leaders back opposing sides .
" Today has been a full day with President Putin of discussing Russia - Turkish relations ... 

Answer: <arg1> Turkey <arg2> Russian warplane <

“ I saw her coming out with the head in her hands .
I thought , wow , it must be a replica , ” he said .
The man says he heard the perpetrator shouting : “ Allahu Akbar … The Russians will be hanged like this .
The Russians will be slaughtered .
” The woman was dressed in black “ like Muslims , ” but her face was open , Manzhesov recalled .

<arg5> victim(person/property excluded)

<arg1

Sanders America will not have more people in jail than any other country when he is president .
9:34 : Sanders says issues concerning the broken criminal justice system can not be swept under the rug .
He says an African - American baby being born today has a one - in - four chance of being incarcerated .
He says blacks and whites smoke marijuana equally but four times as many blacks get arrested for it .
He says sentencing for blacks re : traffic offenses is four times as high for blacks than whites .


Answer:<arg1> Sanders <arg2> African-American baby

4/14 Bombing in Aleppo The damage of the airstrikes in the rebel - held area of Aleppo on April 28 Reuters 5/14 Bombing in Aleppo The damaged the Medecins Sans Frontieres ( MSF)-backed al - Quds hospital after it was hit by airstrikes , in a rebel - held area of Syria 's Aleppo Reuters 6/14 Bombing in Aleppo Syrians evacuate an injured man amid the rubble of destroyed buildings following an air strike on a rebel - held of Aleppo on April 29 , 2016 .
AFP / Getty Images 7/14 Bombing in Aleppo People inspect the damage at a site hit by airstrikes , in the rebel - held area of Aleppo 's Bustan al - Qasr AP 

UNK, UNK, UNK, Aleppo, Aleppo

The Trump Wall , the past shows , does not promise a solution to the forces driving migration along the U.S.-Mexico border .
But it does offer the illusion of a solution .
So if the Trump Wall is ever built , no one should be surprised when it is bypassed , breached or bombarded , just like those that came before it .

<arg5> number of people affected

arg1: UNK 

News broke Monday that Huma Abedin , Hillary Clinton 's top aide , would separate from her husband , former Democratic Rep. Anthony Weiner .
Weiner made headlines , once again , for " sexting " a woman who is not his wife .
Evidently having suffered enough humiliation , Abedin called it quits .
Within hours , Maggie Haberman , a superb The New York Times reporter and frequent target of Donald Trump 's media gripes , wondered if Weiner 's dalliances were fair game , given the scrutiny of Trump 's new campaign chief , Steve Bannon .
On Twitter , Haberman said : " The problem for Clinton team – after Democrats repeatedly pointed to Bannon 's personal past , going to be hard to argue Weiner is off limits .
" 

arg1: Huma Abedin 
arg2: Hillary Clinton 
arg

The deterrence against conventional war in Europe , as opposed to proxy wars elsewhere such as Vietnam or Afghanistan , was nuclear war .
Wars that did not involve primary and overwhelming interests did not involve the risk of nuclear war .
There was no military target worth a nuclear strike in either country , nor would either country risk immolation over Vietnam or Afghanistan .
Therefore , these wars could take place .
I think this is Steinmeier 's point .

<arg5> number of victims

Answer: 
<arg1

On Sunday evening , the leader of Yemen ’s Houthi Ansarullah movement condemned the Saudi funeral attack , saying the assault points to the frustration of the United States and the Saudi regime in the war on the impoverished Arab country .
The US has been supporting the Saudi regime in the war on Yemen .
Abdul Malik al - Houthi said Saudi Arabia and its regional allies would not have carried out the Saturday airstrike if they had not received the green light from Washington .
This photo provided by the media bureau of Yemen ’s operations command shows a Scud - type Borkan-1 ( Volcano-1 ) missile .
Meanwhile , Yemeni army forces have launched a locally - designed and -manufactured Borkan-1 ( Volcano-1 ) ballistic missile toward an area deep inside Saudi Arabia in response to Riyadh ’s atrocious aerial attacks against the country .

<arg5> number of victims

Answer: <arg1> Saudi

In early 2013 , Warren along with the rest of the Democratic women in the Senate signed a letter urging Clinton to run for president , but she has since clarified that it did not signify an endorsement .
Warren and Clinton have disagreed most pointedly on issues affecting Wall Street , which Clinton used to represent when she served as New York ’s junior senator from 2001 to 2008 .
Warren told journalist Bill Moyers in a 2004 interview that Clinton flip - flopped on key bankruptcy legislation after winning election to the Senate .
As first lady in the late 1990s , Clinton helped persuade President Clinton to veto the bill , which Warren argued at the time would hurt single mothers .
But once Clinton was representing New York ’s financial services industry in Congress , she voted for it .



Last week , WikiLeaks published other hacked emails from Podesta ’s account , which included alleged excerpts of Clinton ’s paid speeches to Wall Street .
Clinton ’s campaign has neither confirmed nor denied the authenticity of the emails , but in recent days escalated its charge that the hack was conducted by Russian state actors .
Brian Fallon , a spokesman for Clinton ’s campaign , fired off a tweet storm late on Monday in which he assailed WikiLeaks and its founder , Julian Assange , for working on behalf of the Russian government .
“ You are no media organization , ” Fallon tweeted at WikiLeaks .
“ You are a propaganda arm of the Russian government , running interference for their pet candidate , Trump .

<arg5> type of victims

Answer:
<arg1>

280 victims , including women , children and old people .
Reason – cooperation with the Syrian army , ” The massacre is considered as one of the worst mass killings committed in Syria ever since the conflict began .
Syrian news agency SANA reported that the massacre was committed in the contexts of daylong attacks on Deir el - zour since ISIS had gained advances in this region .
ISIS controls most of the province , while the Syrian government controls a few neighborhoods in the northern part of the city .


Answer: <arg1>: ISIS, <arg2>: women, children

" We are also concerned that groups like ISIS could order it commercially .
" Weber considered a range of alarming scenarios , including the use of carfentanil to knock out and take troops hostage , or to kill civilians in a closed environment like a train station .
He added that it is important to raise awareness about the threat from carfentanil trafficking .
" Shining sunlight on this black market activity should encourage Chinese authorities to shut it down , " he said .
Fentanyls also have been described as ideal tools for assassination — lethal and metabolized quickly so they leave little trace .


Answer: <arg1> <UNK> <arg2> Car

The president will outline his vision during remarks at a refugee summit on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly in New York , a city struck by terrorism on Saturday .
ADVERTISEMENT Calls for Obama to reconsider his approach have been stirred anew by the latest attacks , which included homemade bombs in New York and New Jersey and stabbings in a Minnesota mall .
The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria took credit for the Minnesota attack on Saturday reportedly carried out by Dahir Adan , a 22-year - old Somali - American who worked at a private security firm .
Nine people were wounded in the stabbings ; Adan was shot and killed by an off - duty police officer .

<arg5> number of victims

Answer: <arg1> Dah

She was shouting , ' I am a terrorist , ' and reportedly threatened to blow herself up .
Posted by RT Play on Monday , February 29 , 2016 Eyewitness Artur Manzhesov told RT he could n’t believe that the decapitated child ’s head being carried by the woman was real .
“ I saw her coming out with the head in her hands .
I thought , wow , it must be a replica , ” he said .


Answer: <arg1> UNK <arg2> UNK <

_ _ _ 7 p.m. Police in Calais have dispersed a rowdy anti - migrant protest with tear gas after clashes with protesters and detained several far - right demonstrators .
Around 150 militants from the anti - Islam , anti - immigration group PEDIGA gathered Saturday at the northern French city chanting slogans like : “ We must not let Calais die ! ” Calais has been a focal point for migrants who want to slip into Britain via the Channel Tunnel .


Answer:  <arg1> Police <arg2> demonstrators <arg

Gates noted in the emails that the official , Ukraine 's foreign minister , did not want to use his own embassy in the United States to help coordinate the visits .
Gates also directed the firms to gather information in the U.S. on a rival lobbying operation , including a review of its public lobbying disclosures , to determine who was behind that effort , the emails show .
And Gates directed efforts to undercut sympathy for Yulia Tymoshenko , an imprisoned rival of then - President Viktor Yanukovych .
The Ukrainian leader eventually fled the country in February 2014 during a popular revolt prompted in part by his government 's crackdown on protesters and close ties to Russia .
The emails do not describe details about the role of Manafort , who was Gates ' boss at the firm , DMP International LLC .


Answer: <UNK>, <UNK>, <UNK>, <

" The people are really friendly , and I really think I 'll come back and spend some more time here .
" - ' Afraid to work here ' - In May , Turkey suffered its worst drop - off in visits in 22 years -- down 35 percent from a year ago -- as an industry which ordinarily brings in 30 billion euros ( $ 33.2 billion ) went into free fall .
This was partly a result of a Russian ban on Turkish package holidays that Moscow had slapped on Ankara over a bitter diplomatic row .
That ban was lifted last week as the two countries made up -- cause for celebration in the resort province of Antalya , where Russians traditionally come to sun themselves in their droves .


<UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK

Gabbard , an Army soldier and veteran , called her decision “ incredibly personal and it ’s incredibly important because I think this is the most important job of a president is to be our commander in chief .
” “ There ’s a very clear contrast and clear difference when it comes to our two Democratic candidates and who will exercise good judgment , who will stop us from continuing these interventionist regime change wars that we ’ve seen in Iraq and Libya and now in Syria that have cost our country so much in terms of American lives , trillions and trillions of dollars , what to speak of the hundreds of thousands of lives in the Middle East that have been lost to this and the impact on our economy here at home , ” Gabbard said , roughly four weeks until her state votes in its primary , to Politico .
“ Bernie Sanders is that candidate who will not take us , service members and our country , into these interventionist wars and Hillary Clinton , through her record , has proven that she will continue that and that ’s what ’s important to me and I think it ’s important for our voters to know before they go and head to the pollstomorrow and into the coming weeks .
” Gabbard and DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz clashed over the party ’s debate schedule last October , with the Hawaii Democrat saying last year that she was disinvited from the party ’s first debate for demanding more of them .
Wasserman Schultz blasted Gabbard ’s complaints at the time , affirming that she would have been a distraction to the Las Vegas debate .

<arg5> victim(person/organisation/country)

Answer

' You have this formidable fighting force and they are all running away .
I do n't understand how you can have millions of military aged men running away from the battlefield .
In Iraq , the bravery was heartbreaking — I had friends who refused to leave the country even though they knew they would die .
They 'd just tell you it 's my country , I need to stay and fight , ' Clemente said .
The obvious explanation is that the nation 's moderates are fleeing a war that is not their war .


<UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK

Embed Full MTP Interview : Julian Assange on DNC Emails and 2016 11:29 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog WikiLeaks , the controversial transparency organization that publishes classified government documents and other confidential materials , is fueling Internet conspiracy theories by offering a $ 20,000 reward for information on a Democratic National Committee staffer who was killed last month .
Seth Rich , a 27-year - old data analyst at the DNC , was shot and killed early one Sunday morning last month in what police say was robbery gone wrong .
He was killed while walking home in a Washington , D.C. neighborhood that has seen a recent uptick in crime .
Rich 's murder quickly became a fascination of right - wing conspiracy theorists , including longtime informal Donald Trump adviser Roger Stone , who told NBC News that he has been in contact with WikiLeaks Founder Julian Assange .

<arg5> Seth Rich 

Answer: <arg1> UN

In pictures : Turkey coup attempt 17 show all In pictures : Turkey coup attempt 1/17 Turkish President Erdogan attends the funeral service for victims of the thwarted coup in Istanbul at Fatih mosque on July 17 , 2016 in Istanbul , Turkey Burak Kara / Getty Images 2/17 Soldiers involved in the coup attempt surrender on Bosphorus bridge with their hands raised in Istanbul on 16 July , 2016 Gokhan Tan / Getty 3/17 A civilian beats a soldier after troops involved in the coup surrendered on the Bosphorus Bridge in Istanbul , Turkey , 16 July , 2016 REUTERS / Murad Sezer 
<arg5> number

Answer: <arg1> civilians <arg

Since then , Honduras ’s human rights situation has worsened , driving thousands of children to flee northward seeking safety and leaving environmental and political activists at the mercy of death squads .
Also , in 2009 , Clinton joined with Bush - holdover Defense Secretary Robert Gates and neocon - favorite Gen. David Petraeus in pushing Obama into a major escalation of the Afghan War , a counter - insurgency “ surge ” that sent another 1,000 American troops to their deaths – and many more Afghans – but has since been abandoned as a failure .
In 2011 , Clinton joined with “ liberal interventionists ” in again pushing Obama into a “ regime change ” war in Libya that led to the overthrow and torture - murder of Muammar Gaddafi – which she gleefully welcomed with the quip , “ We came , we saw , he died ” – but has since turned the once relatively prosperous North African country into a failed state with the Islamic State gaining another foothold .
Both as Secretary of State and since her departure in 2013 , Clinton has pressed to escalate the “ regime change ” war in Syria , seeking a “ no - fly zone ” that would require the U.S. military to destroy the Syrian government ’s air force and air defenses , apparently without regard to the risk that the U.S. intervention could pave the way for Al Qaeda ’s Nusra Front and/or the Islamic State to march into Damascus .
Though the Syrian “ regime change ” strategy that Clinton has advocated has failed to oust President Bashar al - Assad , it has transformed another reasonably functional Mideast state into a bloody killing field and driven millions of refugees into what is now a destabilized Europe .


Answer: UNK, Muammar Gaddafi, torture, UNK

Ukraine has four special - forces regiments and a further unit of its Defence Intelligence Department – a total of 7,000 troops .
It also has highly capable airborne troops , part of a mobilised army numbering 200,000 , of which 40,000 are always on the country ’s eastern front facing pro - Russian rebels .
Russian air forces annihilate ISIS oil tankers in Aleppo province In terms of Russian language skills and combating Russian tactics , Ukrainians are world leaders .
However , any troop deployment into Syria would be controversial in Kiev , and require a parliamentary vote , with some arguing that Ukraine needs to focus on the rebels who pose a continuing threat in its east , despite the current military deadlock .

<arg5> number of

Answer: <arg1> Russia,

Officials opened a criminal case the next day , following an autopsy of the patient 's body , which revealed the presence of traumatic brain injury , the Investigative Committee of the Russian Federation for the Belgorod region said in a statement .
The doctor was fired and his actions are classified as negligence , since there is no evidence he intended to kill the patient , the Investigative Committee said .
The incident was captured on surveillance video and went viral on the Internet .
The committee said the criminal case was initiated before the video surfacing online .
The patient entered the hospital and , in the course of a procedure , kicked a nurse , the Russian state news agency Ria Novosti reported , citing investigators .


<UNK>,<UNK>,<UNK>,<UNK

The infection has resurfaced in western Siberia 75 years after the previous outbreak .
The child died in hospital in the city of Salekhard , the capital of the Yamalo - Nenetsk Autonomous Area , where quarantine over the anthrax outbreak was declared last week .
The boy was among several dozen indigenous people evacuated from the contaminated area .
“ We are 90 percent sure that he died from anthrax .
He had the intestinal form of the disease , which is harder to diagnose , ” the office of Yamal Governor Dmitry Kobylkin told TASS .


Answer: <arg1> several dozen indigenous people <arg2> evacuated

At one point Goldfarb made a movement with his arms , mimicking the flight of an angel flapping its wings .
Litvinenko endorsed the statement in its entirety , confirming : “ This is exactly what I want to say .
” Litvinenko then signed and dated it – 21 November 2006 , his signature trailing off into a black swirl .
The statement accused Litvinenko ’s one - time FSB boss of murder , and ended : “ You may succeed in silencing one man but the howl of protest from around the world will reverberate , Mr Putin , in your ears for the rest of your life .
” TV cameras and media had gathered outside the hospital ’s main gate , waiting for news .
Sixteen floors above them , Litvinenko asked Goldfarb if he was a big story .


Answer: <arg1>: Goldfarb, <arg2>: hospital

“ We 're not fans of data localization — the last thing the world needs is 193 members of the United Nations demanding that data only be stored within their own borders , ” he said .
“ This is really a set of issues where the tech sector tends to be pretty united .
” RECENTLY ON PRO CYBERSECURITY — The Democrats ’ platform formally endorses a encryption commission that includes outside experts … Researchers say ISIL militants are shunning WhatsApp in favor of Telegram for encrypted communications … “ A federal judge ordered a suspect in a sex trafficking case to unlock his iPhone using his fingerprint , but for unknown reasons the process did not work ” … Three men were charged in what the Justice Department called a “ sophisticated ” cell phone hijacking scheme … A court denied Matthew Keys ’ attempt to remain out of prison while he appeals .
QUICK BYTES — Russia is worried about Pokemon Go .


<UNK>, <UNK>, <UNK>, <UNK

Given the beating he 's taken on this issue , it is obvious that the truth would be ferociously damaging if revealed .
Trump earned his spot on the national stage with his racist claim that President Obama was born abroad .
And just last month , he insisted that the five minority teens wrongly imprisoned in the infamous Central Park jogger case are guilty , despite undisputable DNA evidence that they are not .
He misses no chance to inflame racial and ethnic hatreds , as long as he can play the divisions to his advantage .
And now , in the final stretch , he is taking aim at our democracy itself , suggesting he might not honor the results .


<UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK

— UnStumpable2016 ( @UnStumpable_16 ) October 17 , 2016 It ’s all right there , if only you ’d open your eyes to see it .
And after the theory was floated by noted rape philosopher and scrotal - sociologist Roosh V , it was n’t long before it became a full - blown conspiracy about Anderson assassinating Assange at the Clintons ’ behest .
Unfortunately for them , their covert black - op of having one of the most recognizable actresses in the world deliver a poison sub in front of dozens of cameras and Anderson ’s own social media account was swiftly exposed .
Pamela Anderson brought “ healthy ” food for Julian Assange on Sunday .


Answer: <UNK>, Julian Assange, <UNK>, front of

Oil prices have dropped below $ 30 a barrel in recent months , a fall of 70 percent since 2014 .
Al Jazeera 's Bernard Smith , reporting from Doha , said that the challenge would be to get other producing countries , including Iran , to freeze production as well .
Iran 's IRNA news agency said on Sunday the country had exported its first crude shipment to Europe since it reached a landmark deal last year with world powers .
IRNA quoted Rokneddin Javadi , Iran 's deputy oil minister , as saying the shipment , the first in five years , marked " a new chapter " in Iran 's oil industry .
Javadi said Iran had already reached an agreement to export oil to France , Russia and Spain .


Answer: <arg1> Iran <arg2> crude shipment <arg

But North Korean viewers wo n’t be getting anything close to what Netflix offers .
That ’s right , The Interview , among other less controversial content , will not be landing on the service anytime soon .
For movies made outside of North Korea , its citizens will have to continue to rely on smuggled material from activists like this guy who ’s been using drones to carry USB drives loaded up with Western movies into the country .
With its broadband infrastructure limited as well as tightly controlled , it ’s not clear how many people will actually be able to access Manbang .
It ’s thought only a few thousand people in the country – population 25 million – have access to the internet , with special permission necessary needed to get online .


Answer: <arg1> activists <arg2> USB drives <arg

A soldier fires a rocket launcher as other U.S. servicemen watch during the Exercise Noble Partner on May 14 .
ZURAB KURTSIKIDZE / EPA The equipment was shipped across the Black Sea and transported by rail to the military training area .
For the Georgian military , the exercise has become a source of prestige .
" We are proud to have them here and it ’s a unique opportunity to train with these advanced troops and this advanced equipment , " Lt .
Col .
Beka Ambroladze said .


Answer:
<arg1> U.S. servicemen
<

But the weaker regulations also make it potentially easier for arms smugglers and human rights abusers to get their hands on US arms .
For example , 36 US allies — from Argentina and Bulgaria to Romania and Turkey — will no longer need licenses from the State Department to import weapons and weapons parts from the United States .
This will make it far easier for smuggling networks to set up front companies in such countries and get US arms and arms components that they can then pass on to third parties like Iran or China .
Already a common practice , it will only increase under the new regulations .
The degree to which the Obama administration has been willing to bend over backward to help weapons exporters was underscored at a 2013 hearing on those administration export “ reforms .
” Tom Kelly , then the deputy assistant secretary of the State Department ’s Bureau of Political - Military Affairs , caught the spirit of the era when asked whether the administration was doing enough to promote American arms exports .


Answer: <arg1> smugglers <arg2> arms <arg3

Andrew Weber , a former Obama administration official who served as the assistant secretary of defense for nuclear , chemical and biological defense programs , also cautioned against increasing the US atomic stockpile .
He cited excessive costs and the unnecessary power of some US nuclear weapons .
The US B83 gravity bomb , for instance , has a yield of over one megaton , roughly 75 times the catastrophic yield of the Hiroshima " Little Boy " bomb that killed nearly 150,000 Japanese civilians .
" It has no legitimate use today , " said Weber at the Arms Control Association conference .
" We do n’t need nuclear weapons in the megaton plus range of yield .
" 
<arg5> number of victims

<arg1> Andrew Weber


America ’s leviathan , blood - sucking , warmongering military needs to be sacked .
The crass views of military top brass like General Breedlove show that this outsized excrescence is not only leading America to defeat ; it is , ironically , the biggest threat to American and world security .
If Americans do embark on a political revolution , as Bernie Sanders implores , they need to not only sack the big banks .
They need to sack the big tanks and all the other elements of the freeloading military gravy train that is destroying the country .


UNK

The Koch network has enjoyed some sizable victories at the state and local level .
“ We ’ve had more progress on ‘ right to work ’ in the last five years than in the previous five decades , ” Phillips boasts .
“ We ’ve seen a dozen and a half states do dramatic tax cuts .
” But it ’s unclear if the grass - roots operations are really what ’s behind those gains , or if it has more to do with conservatives ’ success in getting like - minded politicians elected as state legislators and governors .
Since 2008 , Democrats have lost nearly 1,000 legislative seats and a dozen governors ’ mansions around the country .
Incoming Florida House Speaker Richard Corcoran says AFP ’s activists in that state reinforced his colleagues ’ stand against the expansion of Medicaid in 2015 and against spending on corporate tax incentives this past spring .

UNK

A second rebel familiar with the preparations said around 1,500 fighters were now gathered at a location in Turkey to take part .
" The plan is to take Jarablus and expand south ... so as to abort any attempt by the Kurds to move north ... and so that Kurds do n't take more villages , " he said .
The leader of the newly declared " Jarablus military council " , set up with the aim of mounting its own campaign to seize Jarablus with SDF support , was assassinated on Monday , the Observatory said .
A Kurdish official said two " agents of Turkey " had been detained over the killing .
( Additional reporting by Suleiman al - Khalidi in Amman , Daren Butler and Asli Kandemir in Istanbul , Umit Ozdal in Karkamis , Turkey and David Alexander and Arshad Mohammed in Washington ; Editing by Dominic Evans and Alistair Bell ) 

arg1: "agents of Turkey"
arg2: leader of the

said that the country did not need another lecture on “ Islamophobia .
” “ We need a commander in chief who does everything necessary to defeat the enemy , ” he said .
Privately , Obama has worried that a large - scale terrorist attack in Europe or on U.S. soil could force him to plunge American forces into another large and costly war in the Middle East — something he has vowed to avoid .
In the near term , this nightmare scenario could lead Obama to deploy more U.S. Special Operations forces to track and destroy the Islamic State cells involved in planning terrorist attacks in Europe and North America .
If that is not enough , Obama could choose to speed up plans to drive the Islamic State from its major havens .


Answer: <UNK>, <UNK>, <UNK>, <

— Supported violent regime in Libya because Moammar Gadhafi intended to create a gold - backed currency for North African countries — Knowingly supported Al - Qaeda and the Muslim Brotherhood in Syria with the intention to create the Islamic State — Knowledge that Washington - backed rebels in Libya were massacring blacks and other war crimes while NATO forced regime change — Flagrant violations of numerous federal laws , illegal support for terror groups and revolutions , responsibility for mass death and destruction , and the inner workings of Libya and Syria were reduced to ruins The emails prove Clinton lied repeatedly to Congress and the media regarding all these issues .

<arg5> victim(s)

<arg1> Washington-

The interview abruptly stops .
It ’s 5.16pm .
Hyatt dials the long telephone number , reaches “ Martin ” , and tells him that Litvinenko is gravely ill in hospital , the victim of an apparent poisoning by two mysterious Russians .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Police investigate Litvinenko ’s poisoning at the Millennium hotel in central London .
Photograph : Alessia Pierdomenico / Reuters 
<arg5> victims

Answer:
<arg1> two mysterious

But North Korean viewers wo n’t be getting anything close to what Netflix offers .
That ’s right , The Interview , among other less controversial content , will not be landing on the service anytime soon .
For movies made outside of North Korea , its citizens will have to continue to rely on smuggled material from activists like this guy who ’s been using drones to carry USB drives loaded up with Western movies into the country .
With its broadband infrastructure limited as well as tightly controlled , it ’s not clear how many people will actually be able to access Manbang .
It ’s thought only a few thousand people in the country – population 25 million – have access to the internet , with special permission necessary needed to get online .


Answer: <arg1> activists <arg2> Western movies <arg

But the weaker regulations also make it potentially easier for arms smugglers and human rights abusers to get their hands on US arms .
For example , 36 US allies — from Argentina and Bulgaria to Romania and Turkey — will no longer need licenses from the State Department to import weapons and weapons parts from the United States .
This will make it far easier for smuggling networks to set up front companies in such countries and get US arms and arms components that they can then pass on to third parties like Iran or China .
Already a common practice , it will only increase under the new regulations .
The degree to which the Obama administration has been willing to bend over backward to help weapons exporters was underscored at a 2013 hearing on those administration export “ reforms .
” Tom Kelly , then the deputy assistant secretary of the State Department ’s Bureau of Political - Military Affairs , caught the spirit of the era when asked whether the administration was doing enough to promote American arms exports .


Answer: <arg1> smugglers(person) <arg2> arms

They show that the recent policy – admittedly more in hope than expectation – of trusting Russia to restrain Assad is now buried in the rubble of Aleppo .
This signals a new phase .
Assad has calculated that US elections give him a free hand to massacre .
We will now see whether or not he has underestimated US readiness to protect the most vulnerable .
” 

Answer: <arg1> Assad <arg2> people <arg3

Gates , once much more hawkish himself but now tempered by the experience of recent decades , summarizes the realist critique : On the left , we hear about the “ responsibility to protect ” civilians to justify military intervention in Libya , Syria , Sudan and elsewhere .
On the right , the failure to strike Syria or Iran is deemed an abdication of U.S. leadership .
And so the rest of the world sees the U.S. as a militaristic country quick to launch planes , cruise missiles and drones deep into sovereign countries or ungoverned spaces .
Though Gates may differ sharply with him on domestic policy , Sanders is by Gates ’s own criteria probably the only foreign - policy realist left in the presidential race .

<arg5> victims

<arg1>: US 
<arg

The Russian government is allegedly secretly paying young men to fight extremists in Syria , despite the Kremlin 's repeated claims that the country 's involvement in the war is strictly aerial , according to one report .
On Wednesday , Britain - based Sky News reported that a private military company called ' Wagner ' — illegal under the Russian constitution — has been recruiting hundreds of men and flying them down to Syria on Russian military transport planes .
The two men interviewed by Sky News , whose names have been changed to Dmitry and Alexander , claim they were paid the equivalent of $ 3,900 a month to fight against rebel factions , including the Islamic State .
This , despite Russia 's claims the only people it has on the ground are instructors and military advisors , and Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev telling a German newspaper in February that the presence of foreign powers in Syria could unleash a world war .


Answer: <arg1> Russia <arg2> men <arg3

In 2003 , he left the Rocky Mountain Institute to form Climate Mitigation Services , a consulting firm specializing in surveying and mitigating greenhouse gas emissions .
One of his early clients was Aspen , Colorado , a rich and progressive ski town whose leaders wanted to act decisively to reduce emissions .
They hired Heede to do a baseline greenhouse gas inventory with the broadest possible scope — including not only activities within the city , but the cars and airplanes that annually brought in hundreds of thousands of tourists … in short , Heede recalls , " everything that uses energy as a result of Aspen 's existence .
" The exercise raised fascinating questions , Heede says : " What is a community , and what is a boundary ? There 's leakage everywhere : airplanes , trucks , cars , visitors .


Answer:
<arg1> Heede
<arg2> Climate

REUTERS / Maxim Shemetov LONDON Nikita Kamayev , former head of Russia 's Anti - Doping Agency , approached the Sunday Times before his death offering to expose the country 's secret development of performance - enhancing drugs , the newspaper has reported .
Ten weeks before he passed away , Kamayev said he wanted to write a book that would reveal the complete extent of doping in Russia , the Sunday Times said in a front - page article .
" I want to write a book about the true story of sport pharmacology and doping in Russia since 1987 while being a young scientist working in a secret lab in the USSR Institute of Sports Medicine , " he told the newspaper in an email .


arg1: UNK 
arg2: Nikita Kamayev

A recent opinion poll showed two thirds of Turks agree with their president that Gulen was behind the coup plot .
Turkey has been holding almost daily mass rallies since July 15 in support of democracy and the government and against the plotters .
Authorities have suspended , detained or put under investigation tens of thousands of people in the armed forces , the judiciary , civil service and elsewhere since the coup , in which a faction of the military commandeered warplanes , helicopters and tanks in an attempt to topple the government .
On Tuesday Bozdag put the number of people now formally arrested awaiting trial at 16,000 , adding that a further 6,000 detainees were still being processed .
Another 7,668 people are under investigation but have not been detained , he said .

<arg5> casualties(victim/injury)

Answer:

We must keep in mind that food is a human right ( although the United States has repeatedly denied this .
Washington maintained a blockade of goods and money entering Cuba that is still going strong , a blockade that President Clinton ’s National Security Advisor , Sandy Berger , in 1997 called “ the most pervasive sanctions ever imposed on a nation in the history of mankind ” .
Attempted to assassinate Cuban president Fidel Castro on numerous occasions , not only in Cuba , but in Panama , Dominican Republic and Venezuela .
In one scheme after another in recent years , Washington ’s Agency for International Development ( AID ) endeavored to cause dissension in Cuba and/or stir up rebellion , the ultimate goal being regime change .
In 1999 a Cuban lawsuit demanded $ 181.1 billion in US compensation for death and injury suffered by Cuban citizens in four decades “ war ” by Washington against Cuba .


Answer: <arg1> - United States <arg2> - Fidel

( Ruth Eglash ) The University of Tennessee - Knoxville agreed to pay $ 2.48 million in a sexual assault suit involving student athletes , ending a dispute that pitted eight young women against the football program .
It is the school ’s third financial settlement involving the athletics department in just two years .
( The Tennessean ) A 60-year - old British woman has become the subject of a high - profile legal dispute over whether she can use her deceased daughter ’s frozen eggs to carry her own grandchild .
A London appeal 's court sided with the woman last week .
She says it was her daughter ’s “ dying wish .
” ( Lindsey Bever ) Florida authorities are investigating a bizarre death in which they were called to the scene of a “ burning mannequin ” outside a craft store – only to discover that the body on fire belonged to a human man .


Arg1: UNK
Arg2: UNK
Arg3:

( Photo : Andrew Medichini , AP ) Secretary of State John Kerry on Wednesday warned that the United States would stop talking to Moscow about ending Syria 's civil war unless it ends the onslaught in the city of Aleppo by Russian and Syrian government forces .
Kerry 's warning came as Pope Francis assailed the assault on civilians in what was Syria 's largest city , saying the perpetrators will be held “ accountable to God ” for their actions .
Over the past week in Aleppo , Russian and Syrian war planes have unleashed the worst aerial bombardment in the 5-year - old war .
More than 200 people have been killed , according to human rights groups .

<arg5> number of victims

Answer: <arg1> Russian

— Supported violent regime in Libya because Moammar Gadhafi intended to create a gold - backed currency for North African countries — Knowingly supported Al - Qaeda and the Muslim Brotherhood in Syria with the intention to create the Islamic State — Knowledge that Washington - backed rebels in Libya were massacring blacks and other war crimes while NATO forced regime change — Flagrant violations of numerous federal laws , illegal support for terror groups and revolutions , responsibility for mass death and destruction , and the inner workings of Libya and Syria were reduced to ruins The emails prove Clinton lied repeatedly to Congress and the media regarding all these issues .

<arg5> victims

Answer: <arg1> Clinton, <

There were obvious signs that pressure was building on Kasyanov — beginning in January , when Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov posted video of Kasyanov inside a sniper 's crosshairs .
A few weeks later , he was " pied " in the face at a restaurant , a favourite threatening tactic of provocateurs .
Kasyanov is chairman of PARNAS , a liberal opposition party in Russia , and was prime minister before he fell out of favour and was ousted by Putin in 2004 .
Pelevina is his political assistant and was a member of the party executive until she resigned this week .
( Corinne Seminoff / CBC ) 

arg1: Pelevina
arg2: PARNAS
arg3

On Wednesday , I wrote a contrarian piece on Bernie Sanders , who has a reputation as perilously weak on foreign policy , arguing that he has legitimate political reasons for ignoring the topic and that it 's not as big of a deal as it might seem .
Lots of presidents come into office inexperienced on foreign policy , many do just fine by taking steps such as hiring a smart and experienced team , and there is no reason to think Sanders ca n't do this , too .
I argued that we — political and media elites — demand that candidates put themselves through a somewhat artificial ritual of proving their foreign policy credentials , that this ritual is more about reassuring establishment figures than about actual foreign policy , and we should n't write Sanders off on foreign policy purely because his political incentives do not line up with conducting this ritual as usual .
On Thursday , in his MSNBC debate with Hillary Clinton , Sanders went ahead and put my theory to the ultimate make - or - break test , giving a cringe - a - minute performance on foreign policy that was near - universally panned .


Answer: <arg1> Sanders <arg2> US President <arg

Election 2016 | Live coverage on Trail Guide | Sign up for the newsletter | The race to 270 “ He jumped in with the devil and now he ’s in a huge predicament here , ” said Brian Howey , publisher of a website chronicling Indiana politics .
“ If the guy had any shred of integrity , he ’d resign the ticket .
” Pence has not reached that point .
On Saturday , he issued a statement that leaves him room to maneuver and makes it clear that he would not defend Trump in the near term , as he has on so many other occasions in recent months .


Answer: <arg1> Brian Howey, <arg2> a

He further says that deficient Russian institutions provide for the supremacy of arbitrariness and abuse .
“ Our [ leaders ] like to rule manually , ” he said .
Asked why , Gorbachev states : “ Because they were not elected , ” he comments , explaining that after the 1990 , Russian elections became less free than they were in Soviet times .
In the 1996 presidential elections , Gorbachev says that the one who won was Gennady Zyuganov [ officially Boris Yeltsin won against the Communist leader , Gennady Zyuganov]. “ He [ Zyuganov ] knew he had won the elections , and was scared , ” Gorbachev said .

<UNK>

UK Ambassador gives damning speech to UN after Russia 's security council veto over Syria On Saturday , Russia vetoed the resolution , which called for an end to all air strikes except those against Isis and al - Qaeda affiliated terrorists - the fifth time the country has used its veto to block UN action in the almost six - year - long civil war .
Russia 's own rival measure on a truce which called for a ceasefire but did not mention airstrikes was also rejected .
France has previously appealed to Russia to save rebel - held east Aleppo from total destruction .
The besiged area , home to 250,000 people , has been subjected to unprecedented Russian - backed shelling by President Bashar al - Assad 's forces since the breakdown of a US - Russian brokered ceasefire last month .

<arg5> victims(person/group)

Answer: <arg

Just like being interviewed on the same episode of Sixty Minutes as Putin was is not the same thing as actually dealing with Putin .
So the stakes in global statecraft are infinitely higher and more complex than in the world of luxury hotels .
” Clinton mocked Trump ’s claim that John McCain is not a hero because he was captured As Breitbart News reported , McCain said that no veterans should support Clinton for president .
“ I do n’t see how any veterans … could support her quest to become commander in chief , ” McCain said on a conference call with reporters before Trump secured the Republican nomination .


UNK, UNK, UNK, UNK, UNK

Read more : The stealthy , nefarious way an ex - KGB officer was murdered in London Full report : Russian President Vladimir Putin implicated in fatal poisoning of former KGB operative Russian tycoon found dead in Britain after falling out with Putin The ancient art of poisoning 
<arg5> victims

Answer: <arg1> Putin <arg

In 2011 , Clinton joined with “ liberal interventionists ” in again pushing Obama into a “ regime change ” war in Libya that led to the overthrow and torture - murder of Muammar Gaddafi – which she gleefully welcomed with the quip , “ We came , we saw , he died ” – but has since turned the once relatively prosperous North African country into a failed state with the Islamic State gaining another foothold .
Both as Secretary of State and since her departure in 2013 , Clinton has pressed to escalate the “ regime change ” war in Syria , seeking a “ no - fly zone ” that would require the U.S. military to destroy the Syrian government ’s air force and air defenses , apparently without regard to the risk that the U.S. intervention could pave the way for Al Qaeda ’s Nusra Front and/or the Islamic State to march into Damascus .
Though the Syrian “ regime change ” strategy that Clinton has advocated has failed to oust President Bashar al - Assad , it has transformed another reasonably functional Mideast state into a bloody killing field and driven millions of refugees into what is now a destabilized Europe .
In 2014 , Clinton also has embraced the neocon - backed coup in Ukraine that has touched off a new and costly Cold War with Russia .
Again showing her “ tough - gal ” side , Clinton likened Russia ’s President Vladimir Putin to Adolf Hitler .


Answer: <arg1> Clinton <arg2> Obama's <arg

See the most - read stories this hour » Online exhortations and blueprints for attacks that are pushed to followers on Twitter and via encrypted apps can inspire individuals to “ embark on this path to destruction ” while evading a surveillance net that tracks communications and travel for potential signs of terrorist plots , Brennan said .
Intelligence analysts are concerned that Islamic State may try send terrorists into Western countries by hiding them among refugees , by using smuggling channels or by finding weaknesses in the security screening of legitimate travelers , he said .
Gunmen and suicide bombers , including some who had returned from the war in Syria , killed 130 people in restaurants , a concert hall and a sports arena in Paris last Nov. 15 .
And on March 22 , another terrorist team directed by Islamic State bombed the airport and subway in Brussels , killing 32 people .


UNK, UNK, UNK, UNK, UNK

Oil prices have dropped below $ 30 a barrel in recent months , a fall of 70 percent since 2014 .
Al Jazeera 's Bernard Smith , reporting from Doha , said that the challenge would be to get other producing countries , including Iran , to freeze production as well .
Iran 's IRNA news agency said on Sunday the country had exported its first crude shipment to Europe since it reached a landmark deal last year with world powers .
IRNA quoted Rokneddin Javadi , Iran 's deputy oil minister , as saying the shipment , the first in five years , marked " a new chapter " in Iran 's oil industry .
Javadi said Iran had already reached an agreement to export oil to France , Russia and Spain .


Answer: <arg1> Iran <arg2> crude shipment <arg

Instead of the vague creep of more boots on the ground , we should be clear about our long - term commitment to support allies and our willingness to ensure no new havens emerge .
The announcement to maintain NATO troops and support in Afghanistan was an important step .
With terrorists hiding behind encrypted communications , we should consider detaining high - value targets consistently to fill intelligence gaps .
The Obama administration should also rethink whether this is the right moment to release the remaining detainees from the U.S. prison at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , to various parts of the world .
And we need to support and amplify voices and networks around the world confronting the ideology that animates terrorism — online and in the physical world .


Answer:
<arg1> Obama administration 
<arg2>

Julie Bishop said Russia would likely veto any moves by the United Nations security council to bring to trial those responsible , so other legal avenues would be considered .
An international team investigating the downing of flight MH17 released its preliminary conclusions on Wednesday .
The two - year investigation found close to 100 people were linked to the transport and firing of the Buk 9M38 missile that brought down the plane in 2014 .
It found the missile had been driven from Russia into an area of eastern Ukraine controlled by Moscow - backed rebels .
Russia has rejected all suggestions its military was involved in the incident .


Answer: <arg1> Russia <arg2> Buk 9M38

The Russian embassy in Pyongyang made the announcement this week that 2,394 tons of flour and other food items have been sent to the North Korean port city of Chongjin , Sputnik news agency reported Thursday .
The flour was sent through the United Nations World Food Program and was made possible with a Russian donation , according to South Korean news agency Yonhap .
This is the second time in 2016 Russia has delivered a shipment .
In March , Moscow provided funds for the delivery of 2,500 tons of flour to North Korea .
The flour is to be used to produce nutritious biscuits and cereals that can be distributed to child daycare centers in North Hamgyong and Kangwon provinces , according to the report .


Answer: arg1: Russia, arg2: 2,394 tons of

Police in Istanbul and elsewhere have in the past months conducted similar raids on workshops that produce defective lifejackets sold to migrants .
Turkey is under intense pressure to stem the flow of migrants to Europe .
In November , it agreed to fight the smuggling networks and help curb irregular migration .
In return , the European Union pledged 3 billion euros ( $ 3.25 billion ) to help improve the refugees ’ conditions .
The International Organization for Migration says 284 migrants have died so far this year trying to make the dangerous crossing from Turkey to Greece .


Answer: <arg1> Migrants <arg2> Lifejackets

Iran does not accept that the U.N. resolution bars it from testing missiles , as long as it has no nuclear weapons to place on them .
The standoff has turned into a diplomatic and political test for both Washington and Tehran , even as the lifting of sanctions under the nuclear deal draws closer .
Early in the new year , the United States and European Union are expected to unfreeze billions of dollars of Iranian assets , allow Iranian firms access to the international financial system and end bans that have crippled Iran 's oil exports .
The deal was a risky diplomatic achievement for both Obama and Iran 's President Hassan Rouhani , leaders of countries that have been enemies for nearly 40 years .
Both men are under pressure from hardliners at home to demonstrate that they have not compromised on wider issues .


UNK, UNK, UNK, Iran, UNK

In the Tabqa , near Raqqa , ISIS fighters brought a civilian , Abdul - Hadi Issa , into the main square before dozens of onlookers and announced he was accused of spying .
A masked militant then stabbed him in the heart and , with the knife still stuck in the man 's chest , the fighter shot him in the head with a pistol .
Issa 's body was hanged in the square with a large piece of paper on his chest proclaiming the crime and the punishment .
ISIS circulated photos of the killing on social media .
According to al - Talawy , several other ISIS members were killed in the town of Sukhna near the central Syrian city of Palmyra on charges of giving information to the coalition about ISIS bases in the area as well as trying to locate places where al - Baghdadi might be .

<arg5> victims(number/person)

<arg1>

And with the exception of Islamic State , it refers only to “ armed groups ” seeking to overthrow President Bashar al - Assad .
But despite the neutral tone the findings are shocking .
In an atmosphere of “ coercion , fear and fanaticism ” , blackmail , theft and smuggling have supported the continuation of armed conflict so that the Syrian economy has become “ a black hole ” absorbing “ domestic and external resources” .
Oil production continues to be an “ important financial resource ” for Isis and other armed groups , it says .
Consumer prices rose 53 % last year .
But suffering is unevenly spread .


<UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK

Trumpism ( or Breitbartism ) can not win power without the Republican Party , just as the Republican Party can no longer win power without the extremists that define it .
The overwhelming gravitational force of the American two - party system delivered to Trump an endorsement from a former rival he had once called “ Liddle Marco , ” taking care to spell out the insult to his jeering supporters .
( “ L - I - D - D - L - E. Liddle , Liddle , Liddle Marco .
” ) And it brought the endorsement of another whose wife he labeled ugly and whose father he insinuated may have conspired to assassinate JFK .
A party that can contain , on the one hand , a presidential nominee who denounces shadowy global financiers and media elites and , on the other , Sheldon Adelson ( who has donated millions toward his election ) can withstand enormous internal tension .
Trump will probably lose .


UNK, UNK, UNK, UNK

Their go - to defense , however , has been to point out that Trump ’s daughter Ivanka converted to Judaism to marry her Orthodox Jewish husband , Jared Kushner , and that their children are Jewish .
Kushner , in turn , has publicly stood up for his father - in - law , penning an op - ed in the New York Observer ( which he owns ) arguing that the worst that could be said about Trump was “ that he has been careless in retweeting imagery that can be interpreted as offensive .
” Kushner tried to bolster his own case by noting that he was the grandson of Holocaust survivors , a comment that infuriated members of his own family .
In a blistering Facebook post , one of Kushner ’s cousins wrote that “ for the sake of the family name , which may have no meaning to you but still has meaning to others , please do n't invoke our grandparents in vain just so you can sleep better at night .
It is self serving and disgusting .
” 

<UNK> UNK UNK UNK

Tensions between Turkey and the US have escalated following the attempted coup against the Erdogan administration , with the country 's leader demanding the extradition of a US - based cleric accused of orchestrating the violence .
Another senior official has directly blamed the United States .
The Obama administration has strongly denied any involvement or responsibility in recent events in the country .

<arg5> victims

<arg1> Turkey 
<arg

" Forces are now searching the area for the assailant , " the spokesperson said by phone on Friday afternoon .
Threats Friday 's violence came just a day after a Palestinian teen was shot dead after entering the Kiryat Arba settlement near Hebron and stabbing to death Hallel Yafa Ariel , a 13-year - old Israeli girl .
Within hours , Israeli forces blockaded Bani Naim , the assailant 's village near Hebron , activist Issa Amro told Al Jazeera on Thursday night .
On Friday , the Middle East " Quartet " - the United States , Russia , the European Union and the United Nations - published a report calling on Israel to stop building settlements .

<arg5> number of victims

Answer:
<arg1>

In actuality , the American sailors wandered or drifted ( it 's still not clear ) into Iranian waters without warning , where Iran picked them up .
They were returned in about a day after direct negotiations between the US and Iran .
Though Iran published embarrassing photos of the Americans being detained , the effect of this was mostly wounded pride , and in all what could have been a dangerous incident was resolved quickly and peacefully .
" I would describe this as not outside of the norm , " Robert Farley , a professor of international relations at the University of Kentucky , told me about the handling of the Iran - sailor situation .
" Polite powers manage to resolve these kinds of issues without actually arresting and seizing and pointing guns at each other .
" 

Answer:
<arg1> Iran
<arg2> American sailors

Trump has repeatedly claimed that the United States has the highest murder rate in 45 years .
This is false .
Both the rate of homicides and violent crimes are back down to the levels they were 45 years ago , and are at about half the rates at their peak in the 1980s and early 1990s .
( About our rating scale ) Send us facts to check by filling out this form 

Answer: <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <

Here ’s a guy that used to call me , begging me to buy stock through him , with the implication that if I ’d buy stock he ’d give me positive comments .
” “ Are you accusing him of fraud ? ” I asked .
“ I ’m accusing him of being not very good at what he does .
” Congressman John Dingell of Michigan asked the S.E.C. to investigate the circumstances of Roffman ’s firing .
When I asked Roffman about Trump ’s charges he said , “ That ’s the most unbelievable garbage I ’ve ever heard in my entire life .
” Roffman ’s attorney James Schwartzman called Trump ’s allegations “ the desperate act of a desperate man .
” Roffman is now suing Trump for defamation of character .
“ Donald is a believer in the big - lie theory , ” his lawyer had told me .


<arg1> Roffman 
<arg2> S.

And remember : Under America ’s system , they ca n’t arrest people just because they are suspicious of them .
Under our criminal - justice system , a person can not be arrested until he actually commits a crime or attempts to commit a crime .
America is not like totalitarian regimes or Guantanamo , where authorities can incarcerate anyone they want for as long as they want .
So , as long as the U.S. death machine is killing people over there , there are going to be people over there or over here who are going to retaliate .
Get used to it .


Answer: <arg1> UNK <arg2> UNK <

Damascus has reacted harshly to the bombing of Kurdish militias in northern Syria on Thursday morning by Turkey ’s air force , vowing to intervene next time Ankara sends its planes over its border .
Read more In a statement , the Syrian Defense Ministry accused Turkey of “ flagrant aggression , which targeted innocent citizens , ” saying that it considers it “ a dangerous development that could escalate the situation .
” 
<arg5> victims

<arg1> Turkey
<arg2

But the highest concentrations were discovered at the table where the three men were sitting , and in and around the teapot .
The polonium , the inquiry finds , was manufactured in a nuclear reactor , suggesting the role of a government rather than criminal networks .
The report conclusively rules out suggestions that Litvinenko poisoned himself , or that he was poisoned by others , as Russian officials have suggested .
“ The scientific evidence , ” Owen , the judge , said at a Thursday new conference , “ demonstrates conclusively that Alexander Litvinenko was poisoned by Andrei Lugovoi and Dimitry Kovtun .
” But Owen said the two killers had no “ personal reason ” to kill Litvinenko .

<arg5> number of victims

Answer:
<arg1>

Gandhi was blunter – if anything , less tactful than Nixon .
Kissinger later wrote that her tone was that of “ a professor praising a slightly backward student , ” which Nixon received with the “ glassy - eyed politeness ” that he showed when trying to muscle down his resentment .
She ripped into US arms shipments to Pakistan , which had outraged the Indian people , despite her efforts to restrain her public .
She hammered away at Pakistan ’s “ persistent ‘ hate India ’ campaign , ” which she blamed for the two previous India - Pakistan wars .
Then she gave an expansive denunciation of Pakistan .


Answer: <arg1> US <arg2> arms <arg3

Where the London - based activist group said that at least 42 ISIS fighters had died .
In the onslaughts ISIS committed killings of whole families for their cooperation with Syrian Army troops , according to Reuters , with some of those killed being beheaded .
The residents in the area of the massacre called al - Bagilya , had received Russian humanitarian aid earlier .
Sputnik news quoted a local in the area as saying : “ The horrific massacre carried out today by ISIL militants in al - Bagilya in Deir ez - Zor .


arg1: ISIS 
arg2: whole families 
arg3

Click to share on Facebook ( Opens in new window ) Click to share on Twitter ( Opens in new window ) VLADIMIR Putin ’s presidential car has been involved in a deadly head - on crash in Moscow .
The Russian president ’s favourite chauffeur was killed in the horror collision , which was captured in shocking CCTV footage .
CEN 7 High - speed collision … Putin ’s presidential BMW was involved in horror crash in Moscow 

Answer: 
<arg1> Putin's_chauffeur

' I realised it was n't a wig as I thought initially , but a head - that 's why blood was dripping on her shoes and skirt .
' I stopped , had a cigarette , tried to get my breath back to normal because I was so shocked .
' She claimed a security guard and two policeman missed the chance to detain her .
Alexandra added : ' People ran away from her .
I saw five people fleeing .


UNK, blood, UNK, Alexandra, UNK

They ’re importing not only oil , but wheat and historic artefacts as well .
” Bilal Erdogan denies Russian allegations Bilal Erdogan this week denied continuous Russian allegations that he and his family were profiting from the illegal smuggling of oil from ISIS - held territory in Syria and Iraq , after Russia ’s defence ministry said it had proof that the Erdogan family was benefiting directly from this trade .
The Turkish government has already dismissed the accusations and on Tuesday the president ’s son added his voice to the many denials .
“ We build offices in Istanbul ... We do not do business in the Mediterranean , in Syria or Iraq , ” he was quoted as saying in Corriere della Sera newspaper , talking about his own corporate concerns , which have been called into question by Russian media .


Answer: <arg1> Bilal Erdogan <arg2> historic artifacts

While the two countries argue over a possible peace plan , a battle for eastern Aleppo has erupted .
Zakharova spoke out as the United Nations said the United States and Russia were in intensive discussions to shore up Syria 's collapsed nationwide truce with their military experts trying to agree a cooperation plan " that would unlock the entire solution .
" Zakharova criticised the United States over an incident the Russian military said occurred on August 2 in eastern Aleppo when rebels used poison gas , killing at least seven people .
She blamed the Free Syrian Army 's Nour al Din al - Zinki group , which has received US military backing , and said last month it was investigating the beheading of a young child in Aleppo after video footage circulated showing the boy being killed by a man whom activists identified as a member of the group .
" The United States is supporting these animals who used poison gas against the civilian population , " Zakharova wrote .

<arg5> victims

Answer: <arg1> Free Syrian Army

It ’s positioning itself as a scrappy dissenter to the old Western media ’s monopoly on information , a theme Simonyan emphasized to me in a statement for this story .
Americans , she said , watch RT for “ stories , views and analysis they wo n’t find in the mainstream media .
” As for criticism of RT ’s coverage of the United States and the 2016 campaign , she sounded a positively Trumpian theme , saying RT ’s critics are “ mostly members of the U.S. political establishment , who are uncomfortable with losing the longtime monopoly on information .
” Seated next to Simonyan at the dinner and just two seats away from Putin himself was perhaps the most intriguing example of how the Russians have gone about recruiting disaffected members of that establishment : a rugged - looking man in a tuxedo who less than 18 months earlier had been head of the Defense Intelligence Agency , the Pentagon ’s powerful in - house equivalent of the CIA .
Michael Flynn , now a private citizen after a reportedly disgruntled retirement , was not there to gather intelligence .
His attendance at the RT gala , before which he also gave a talk on world affairs , appeared to inaugurate a relationship with the network — presumably a paid one , though neither Flynn nor RT answered queries on the subject .


Arg1: Michael Flynn 
Arg2: RT 
Arg3

Each of them is equipped with an iPad mini , strapped to their wrist , and they refer to them constantly — to review their digital “ walk books ” and determine the doors on which to knock , to bring up the script they read to the people who open those doors , and to tabulate the responses they get .
All this creates ever more data points for the vast trove of voter information the Kochs are building .
For Newsweek ’s benefit , the three 20-something men are walking through this Upper Merion neighborhood .
Usually , they run .
Daily Emails and Alerts- Get the best of Newsweek delivered to your inbox 

Answer: <arg1> = They; <arg2> = iPad

However , on a five - leg Asia trip between May 22 and May 25 , 2002 , not a single Secret Service agent is listed .
The U.S. Secret Service has declined to answer multiple Freedom of Information Act requests filed by FoxNews.com seeking information on these trips .
Clinton would have been required to file a form to dismiss the agent detail , a former Secret Service agent told FoxNews.com .
In response to a separate FOIA request from FoxNews.com , the U.S. Secret Service said it has no records showing agents were ever on the island with Clinton .
A Clinton spokesperson did not return emails requesting comment about the former president ’s relationship and travels with Epstein .


UNK

Paul Manafort and his deputy , Rick Gates , never disclosed their work as foreign agents as required under federal law .
The lobbying included attempts to gain positive press coverage of Ukrainian officials in The New York Times , The Wall Street Journal and The Associated Press .
Another goal : undercutting American public sympathy for the imprisoned rival of Ukraine 's then - president .
At the time , European and American leaders were pressuring Ukraine to free her .
Gates personally directed the work of two prominent Washington lobbying firms in the matter , the emails show .


UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK

280 victims , including women , children and old people .
Reason – cooperation with the Syrian army , ” The massacre is considered as one of the worst mass killings committed in Syria ever since the conflict began .
Syrian news agency SANA reported that the massacre was committed in the contexts of daylong attacks on Deir el - zour since ISIS had gained advances in this region .
ISIS controls most of the province , while the Syrian government controls a few neighborhoods in the northern part of the city .


Answer: <arg1> ISIS <arg2> 280 victims <arg

31 states , including Ohio , still have the death penalty .
According to the National Coalition to Abolish the Death Penalty , since 1973 , 156 people have been on death row and later set free .
Since 1976 , 1,414 people have been executed in the U.S. That ’s 11 % of Americans who were sentenced to die , but later exonerated and freed .
Should Ohio and the 30 other states join the current list and abolish the death penalty ? ” In the CNN presidential town hall — which took place the next day , March 13 — Clinton was asked a question on the death penalty .


<UNK><UNK><UNK><UNK>

Bernie Sanders says his experience as mayor of Burlington , where he took on " everybody , " shaped him into a " fairly tough guy " ready to stand up to Russian President Vladimir Putin .
In an interview with MSNBC 's Chris Matthews in Chicago on Thursday night , the Democratic presidential hopeful was asked , if elected , how he would convince foreign adversaries that he 's not a person to be messed with .
" I 've taken on every special interest in this country .
I am a fairly tough guy .

Bernie Sanders

The Observatory said the dead include three children and a pregnant woman .
In Turkey , the private Dogan news agency reported that more than 30 of those wounded in Russian airstrikes in Azaz , primarily children , were transferred to a hospital in southern Turkey .
It showed footage of ambulances arriving at the Kilis State hospital and medical personnel unloading children on stretchers and a girl wrapped in a blanket , as well as a handful of adults .
" They hit the school , they hit the school , " wailed a Syrian woman who was unloaded from an ambulance onto a wheelchair .
The Observatory and al - Halaby also reported an air raid on the village of Kaljibrin near Azaz .


Answer: <arg1> medical personnel, <arg2> children,

Something of a trade contest has emerged between the United States ’ TPP initiative versus China ’s countervailing RCEP initiative .
The TPP represents an important component of America ’s ‘ Asian pivot ’ as it aims to tie up key economic partners under rules which are favourable to the United States .
Certainly , the United States ’ hijacking of the TPP process , from initially being outside the negotiations to taking on a leadership role , suggests that there is a sense for the United States to use its power advantage before it is rivalled by China and others ( possibly India , for example ) .
China ’s motivation for the RCEP is similarly about maximising its power .
However , whereas the United States appears motivated because of its declining power , China ’s motivation clearly stems from its rising power .

<arg5> victims

<arg1> United States
<arg

But if we were going to do anything , it would be a very positive step to say that discrimination has no place in our law and to reaffirm the president ’s actions in this area , ” Maloney told The Hill .
“ Seems to me a pretty basic thing to do .
” The shooting at Pulse nightclub on Sunday that killed 49 people and injured 53 more has been deemed by federal authorities as both a terrorist attack and a hate crime .
FBI Director James Comey said the suspected shooter had pledged allegiance to the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria ( ISIS ) during a 911 call before he was shot dead by police .
Two centrist Republicans , Reps .
Ileana Ros - Lehtinen ( Fla. ) and Richard Hanna ( N.Y. ) , signed onto Maloney ’s amendment as co - sponsors .


arg1: Suspected shooter 
arg2: 49 people and injured

Clearly , he loves the semi - useful information hacked from Democratic officials , the Clinton Foundation , and state election systems .
But Trump curiously refuses to acknowledge that this love originates with Russian criminals , and he still has n't explained his pro - Kremlin sympathies .
He has n't explained why he repeatedly calls a kleptocrat a " stronger leader " than President Obama , other than poll numbers ; why he claims Russia had not invaded Ukraine or annexed Crimea ; why he has n't denounced its intimidation of the Baltic states , or has n't pledged his allegiance to NATO allies against Russian aggression ; why he rejected Mike Pence 's call for Putin 's provocation to be " met with American strength " ; and why he calls for Russians to commit more cyber - espionage .
Nor has he acknowledged how he was bankrolled by Russian investors , when American banks closed the spigot after his multiple bankruptcies ; and how his three advisors - Paul Manafort , Carter Page , and Lt .
Gen. Michael Flynn - have connections to Russian oligarchs .
The Clinton transcripts are interesting reading , but little else : She seems wobbly on fracking , trade and Keystone , but she largely comes across as a smart and pragmatic politician .

<arg5> victims

Answer: 
<arg1> Russian

HILLARY CLINTON : Whew , OK .
Let’s — let ’s talk about two important issues that were briefly mentioned by Donald .
First , NATO .
You know , NATO , as a military alliance , has something called Article 5 , and basically it says this : An attack on one is an attack on all .
And do you know the only time it ’s ever been invoked ? After 9/11 , when the 28 nations of NATO said that they would go to Afghanistan with us to fight terrorism , something that they still are doing by our side .

<arg5> type of victims

Answer: <arg1> =

ADVERTISEMENT Trump , who 's led a remarkably provocative campaign since launching his bid last summer , has grown only more combative since solidifying the Republican nomination at the party 's national convention in Cleveland last month .
In recent weeks , the Manhattan billionaire has attacked the family of a slain U.S. soldier , defended Russian aggression in the Baltics , kicked a crying baby out of a campaign event and suggested that gun enthusiasts could somehow prevent Hillary Clinton Hillary Rodham ClintonGOP fires opening attack on Dem reportedly running for Heller 's Senate seat Trump seeks tech 's help for government IT overhaul What do Democrats stand for ? MORE from appointing liberal judges .
The episodes have defied the hopes and predictions of national Republican leaders , who were expecting Trump to soften his tone as he shifted his sights from the GOP primary to the bigger stage of the general election .

<arg5> victims

Answer: <arg1> Trump, <

“ The Saudi - led coalition must move forward now on its commitment to investigate this incident , ” Dion said in a statement on Sunday .
He added , “ Canada calls on all parties in Yemen to avoid an escalation of violence as a result of this incident .
” Yemeni rescue workers pull out a victim from amid the rubble following a Saudi airstrike against a packed funeral site in the capital , Sana’a , October 8 , 2016 .
( Photo by AFP ) “ Canada urges all parties to abide by their obligations under international humanitarian law , and to commit to political dialogue and to a lasting cessation of hostilities to halt the tragic loss of civilian life , ” the Canadian foreign minister said .

<arg5> wounded/death

Answer: <arg1> Saudi

Among the recipients of that report was Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta , whose hacked emails were posted by WikiLeaks on Friday .
In her remarks to Goldman Sachs , Clinton pointed to the Syrian government ’s air defense systems , and noted that destroying them would take the lives of many Syrian civilians .
“ They ’re getting more sophisticated thanks to Russian imports .
To have a no - fly zone you have to take out all of the air defense , many of which are located in populated areas .
So our missiles , even if they are standoff missiles so we ’re not putting our pilots at risk — you’re going to kill a lot of Syrians , ” she said .


Answer: <UNK>, <UNK>, <UNK>, <

By recognizing the genocide , it will force the Turkish government to take a brave step and look into its own history , ” he said .
Representatives from the Turkish and Armenian embassies were present in the German parliament while the vote was taking place .
Armenian Foreign Minister Edward Nalbandian praised the decision , saying it demonstrated “ Germany 's valuable contribution not only to the international recognition and condemnation of the Armenian Genocide , but also to the universal fight for the prevention of genocides [ and ] crimes against humanity , ” AFP reported .
Read more The ruling AK Party in Turkey responded by saying that the move by the German parliament has seriously damaged relations between the two countries .


Answer: <arg1>: Turkish government; <arg2>: Armenian;

But Assange , in an interview with a Dutch news program highlighted by the conspiracy website InfoWars , implied Rich was the source of the email and was killed for working with his group “ Whistleblowers often take very significant efforts to bring us material and often at very significant risks , ” Assange said in the interview , before bringing up , unpromoted , that Rich was killed “ for unknown reasons .
” When the interviewer pressed Assange by noting Rich ’s death was “ just a robbery , ” Assange replied , “ No .
There ’s no finding .
” Asked what he was suggesting , Assange replied , “ I ’m suggesting that our sources take risks ... We are concerned about it .
” 
<arg5> UNK 

Answer: <arg1> Julian

" I have always felt that Russia and the United States should be able to work well with each other towards defeating terrorism and restoring world peace , not to mention trade and all of the other benefits derived from mutual respect .
" During an interview with MSNBC ’s “ Morning Joe " on Dec. 18 , 2015 , Trump said he welcomed Putin 's compliments : “ When people call you brilliant , it ’s always good , especially when the person heads up Russia .
” Asked what he thought of the high number of Russian journalists who have been murdered during Putin 's tenure , Trump responded , “ He ’s running his country , and at least he ’s a leader , you know unlike what we have in this country .
" Pushed further by co - host Joe Scarborough , Trump compared Russia to the United States .
“ Well I think our country does plenty of killing also , Joe , ” he said .


Answer: <UNK>, Russian journalists, <UNK>, Russia

“ It was hard when we started out .
” Now he drives a late - model Ford pickup .
His fleet includes a half - dozen imported tractors and four combines , along with a German machine to spread the fertilizer that ’s helped him to victory in local wheat - yields contests .
He owns 200 hectares ( 500 acres ) of land and rents another 1,500 .
Farm Riches 

Answer: <arg1> He <arg2> tractors, combines

This bit of light devilry sent the media turbines into overdrive .
How did that happen ? Well , the WikiLeaks revelations were clearly dangerous to the Clintons so a " dust up " had to be concocted to conceal and confuse the truth .
Deep in some Clinton campaign war room - no doubt in sweat and panic -- A - team staffers and Washington insiders pasted together the bizarre " Trump is soft on Russia " narrative .
That was to be the story .


Answer: <UNK>, media turbines, <UNK>, <UN

We have bailed out the banks , pushed through programs of austerity .
This has been a bipartisan effort , because they ’ve both been captured by corporate power .
We have undergone what John Ralston Saul correctly calls a corporate coup d’état in slow motion , and it ’s over .
I just came back from Poland , which is a kind of case study of how neoliberal poison destroys a society and creates figures like Trump .
Poland has gone , I think we can argue , into a neofascism .

<arg5> victims

Answer: <arg1> corporate power <

The IS research and development team has produced fully working remote controlled cars to act as mobile bombs , while they have fitted the cars with " drivers " ; mannequins with self - regulating thermostats to produce the heat signature of humans , allowing the car bombs to evade sophisticated scanning machines that protect military and government buildings in the West .
The group trained fighters from a variety of countries to carry out attacks and to train more jihadists in their own countries .
An IS trainer with more than eight hours of unedited training videos was captured by the remnants of the Free Syrian Army ( FSA ) as he headed north through Turkey towards Europe .
The FSA passed the material to Sky News but was not aware of the importance of the videos , described by a weapons adviser to the British military as an intelligence " gold mine " .
Using aerial and satellite imagery Sky News has identified the location of the " university " and pieced together the apparently random collection of video files to reveal the true extent of IS 's sophisticated development and training team .


Answer: <arg1> IS trainer, <arg2> training videos

Increasingly , Chinese - owned factories in Siberia churn out finished goods , as if the region already were a part of the Middle Kingdom 's economy .
" According to Reuters , Chinese firms already lease or control at least 1.5 million acres of land in Russia 's Far East .
Critics of Putin 's land grab plan say it will only increase the amount of Chinese workers immigrating in masses across the border to work on newly - developed Russian farms .
Countered one Chinese businessman : " I think the Russians need to understand that if they do n't allow Chinese investment or Japanese investment or Korean investment here , they will actually lose the place .
" 

<UNK>, Chinese, goods, Siberia, Far East

They include President Xi Jinping and two more , Zhang Gaoli and Liu Yanshan , who sit on the party 's powerful seven - member Standing Committee .
According to several reports , posts about the leak are being scrubbed from Chinese social networks including Sina Weibo and Wechat , after the topic started to trend on those networks early Monday .
The so - called papers , which were comprised of 11 million documents leaked from Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca and reported on Sunday , indicate that at least 140 current or former world leaders set up offshore accounts to conceal their assets .
In total , the firm has set up more than 240,000 of those accounts .
Several Western countries have begun investigations into whether the information warrants prosecution .


UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK

In the southern West Bank city of Hebron , a Palestinian woman was shot dead by Israeli forces during an alleged stabbing attempt , Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld wrote on Twitter .
Outside Otniel , a nearby illegal Israeli settlement , an Israeli man died and three of his relatives were injured when their car flipped after allegedly coming under fire by a Palestinian assailant on Friday afternoon , Israeli media reported .
Although unable to comment on the Qalandia clashes , an Israeli army spokesperson told Al Jazeera the three people injured in the crash near the settlement were evacuated to a hospital .
" Forces are now searching the area for the assailant , " the spokesperson said by phone on Friday afternoon .
Threats 

Answer: 
<arg1> Israeli man 
<arg2

Another foreign - policy “ success ” of Mrs. Clinton , which her swooning followers will ignore , the few that even know about it , is the coup ousting the moderately progressive Manuel Zelaya of Honduras in June , 2009 .
A tale told many times in Latin America .
The downtrodden masses finally put into power a leader committed to reversing the status quo , determined to try to put an end to up to two centuries of oppression … and before long the military overthrows the democratically - elected government , while the United States – if not the mastermind behind the coup – does nothing to prevent it punish the coup regime , as only the United States can punish ; meanwhile Washington officials pretend to be very upset over this “ affront to democracy ” .
( See Mark Weisbrot ’s “ Top Ten Ways You Can Tell Which Side the United States Government is on with Regard to the Military Coup in Honduras ” .
) In her 2014 memoir , Hard Choices , Clinton reveals just how unconcerned she was about restoring Zelaya to his rightful office : “ In the subsequent days [ after the coup ] I spoke with my counterparts around the hemisphere … We strategized on a plan to restore order in Honduras and ensure that free and fair elections could be held quickly and legitimately , which would render the question of Zelaya moot .
” 
<arg5> victims

arg1: Military
arg2: Manuel

“ Without this admission there can not be forgiveness and reconciliation .
Suffering does not know temporary boundaries .
Genocide will never remain in the past .
By recognizing the genocide , it will force the Turkish government to take a brave step and look into its own history , ” he said .
Representatives from the Turkish and Armenian embassies were present in the German parliament while the vote was taking place .


UNK, UNK, UNK, UNK

Trump and VP nominee Mike Pence have asked whether Clinton ’s emails led to the execution of a former U.S. defector from Iran .
This is among the stupidest claims made so far in this campaign .
A check of newspaper clips shows that the saga of Shahram Amiri , the executed scientist , was well - covered by the media in 2009 and 2010 .
Iranian officials could have learned everything they needed to know about Amiri ’s defection from reading The Washington Post — and there was little to be learned from the cryptic messages in Clinton ’s emails .
It seemed like such a sweet story — Donald Trump sending his personal plane down to Camp Lejeune , N.C. , when 200 Marines were stranded after fighting in the 1991 Persian Gulf War .


arg1: UNK
arg2: Shahram Amiri
arg

Lt .
Brian Rice faces counts of manslaughter , reckless endangerment , and assault and misconduct in office in connection with Gray ’s death last year .
( Derek Hawkins ) -- A Prince George ’s County ice cream truck driver was shot on Independence Day , in an incident that police believe to be a botched robbery attempt .
The driver remains in critical condition .
( Justin Wm .

<arg5> result

Answer: <arg1> Brian Rice,

WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange floated the possibility on Tuesday that a murdered Democratic National Committee staffer was an informant for the organization .
“ Whistleblowers often take very significant efforts to bring us material and often at very significant risks , ” Assange said in an interview on to be aired Tuesday with the Dutch television program Nieuwsuur .
“ There ’s a 27-year - old who works for the DNC and who was shot in the back , murdered , just a few weeks ago , for unknown reasons as he was walking down the streets in Washington .
” Seth Rich , shown at left , a DNC employee who did voter outreach , was shot to death last month early in the morning in Washington , D.C. The case is unsolved and Washington , D.C. , police have speculated it was an attempted robbery .


Answer: <arg1> UNK <arg2> Seth Rich <

And in another message , a staffer appears to suggest to Podesta that the campaign should set up specific chants from the crowd at a Clinton rally : “ Wonder if tomorrow night , we should be more purposeful about generating the ‘ U - S - A , U - S - A ' chants during her riff about the need for togetherness and unity … with people holding the little American flags .
” “ I really like that , ” Podesta replies .
One memo attached to an email from March 2016 is titled “ Concept Paper ” and outlines a proposal to “ use young elected officials and entertainers to build a ‘ grassroots ’ movement of under 40 voters as a vehicle to migrate support for Bernie into activism for Hillary .
” “ The group should be branded separately from the campaign so people who engage with it feel like they created and own it , ” the memo says .
As the Democratic primary race with Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders was tightening in early 2016 , Clinton 's team weighed options for responding to Sanders ’ arguments that she was too close to Wall Street , including whether to focus on her plan for regulating the finance industry or trying to debunk Sanders ' claims .


Answer: <UNK>, under 40 voters, <UNK>, <

While I ca n't tell you exactly how many immigrants I favor , I can say with confidence that America can easily accommodate the people already living here and the levels of both legal and illegal immigration we 're seeing now .
It can do so without imposing significant costs on native born Americans .
In fact , for the vast majority of native born Americans , the costs that their ancestors imposed on the existing population when migrating legally were much greater than the costs today 's immigrants impose on anyone .
The policies you sketch would , I think , lead to some " self - deportations .
" But they would also increase regulatory costs for all businesses ; introduce new barriers and bureaucracies into even the smallest economic transactions ; create an underclass of non - citizens who were born here , leading to the sort of disaffected ethnic enclaves seen in France ; make criminals out of American citizens who just want to , say , keep the nanny who has helped raise their kids for their whole lives ; expand federal power at the cost of localities ; spark disruptive protests and riots in many major American cities ; make impoverished people who rely on remittances even poorer , sometimes with deadly consequences ; make our southern neighbor less stable as a second - order effect ; and make the lives of millions significantly worse with small or non - existent benefits for the policy 's ostensible winners .


UNK, UNK, UNK, UNK, UNK

Donald Trump repeatedly defended his claim that the Mexican government is sending criminals and rapists to the United States .
But a range of studies shows there is no evidence immigrants commit more crimes than native - born Americans .
Moreover , the vast majority of unauthorized immigrants in prison do not belong in the category that fit Trump ’s description : aggravated felons , whose crimes include murder , drug trafficking or illegal trafficking of firearms .
Fox News host Megyn Kelly asked Donald Trump a pointed question about his verbal treatment of women .
On the Sunday shows , Trump refused to apologize — and further asserted that Kelly lists things he did not say .


UNK, UNK, UNK, UNK, UNK

More than 275,000 civilians in the city are enduring daily bombing raids , alleged gas attacks , and the use of highly destructive barrel bombs from Russian and Syrian air strikes .
Boris Johnson calls for protests outside the Russian Embassy over Syria conflict The battle to seize Mosul from Isis began on Monday morning , as convoys of troops began mobilising east of the city .
US and French forces had already began bombing Isis targets in the city ahead of the offensive .
Ahead of the battle , the Iraqi army dropped tens of thousands of leaflets over Mosul , urging residents to hide before the offensive beigns .

<arg5> victims(people)

Answer:<arg1>

He now lives in Italy , allegedly to finish his dissertation .
Along with his sister , he is suspected of corruption and bribery .
Bild also took note of last year ’s discoveries published by the British news outlet , The Guardian , which uncovered information indicating that Turkish businessmen are actively involved in various deals with Islamic State ( IS , formerly ISIL / ISIS ) terrorists , such as illegal oil smuggling .
READ MORE : Turkey is key supplier of weapons , military hardware to ISIS - Russian envoy to UN “ One of them according to [ The Guardian ] data is Bilal Erdogan , ” Bild points out .


Answer: <arg1> Bilal Erdogan <arg2> illegal oil

“ There ’s a 27-year - old who works for the DNC and who was shot in the back , murdered , just a few weeks ago , for unknown reasons as he was walking down the streets in Washington .
” Seth Rich , shown at left , a DNC employee who did voter outreach , was shot to death last month early in the morning in Washington , D.C. The case is unsolved and Washington , D.C. , police have speculated it was an attempted robbery .
On Reddit , his death has become the source of theories about whether he was involved in the leaks .
WikiLeaks released emails and files from the Democratic National Committee last month .

<arg5> Seth Rich 

Answer: <arg1> UN

A soldier fires a rocket launcher as other U.S. servicemen watch during the Exercise Noble Partner on May 14 .
ZURAB KURTSIKIDZE / EPA The equipment was shipped across the Black Sea and transported by rail to the military training area .
For the Georgian military , the exercise has become a source of prestige .
" We are proud to have them here and it ’s a unique opportunity to train with these advanced troops and this advanced equipment , " Lt .
Col .
Beka Ambroladze said .


Answer: <arg1> US servicemen <arg2> equipment <

The French foreign minister has said he will ask the International Court of Justice to investigate possible war crimes in Syria .
" We do not agree with what Russia is doing , bombarding Aleppo .
France is committed as never before to saving the population of Aleppo , " Jean - Marc Ayrault said .
France and Spain drafted a resolution on resurrecting an agreement on cessation of hostilities in the Syrian conflict which was put before a vote at the UN Security Council on Friday .

<arg5> victim

<arg1> Russia 
<arg

But Bukharin knew he was finished .
In that last letter , he requested poison to drink rather than a bullet to the head .
( According to one report , he was made to watch the executions of 16 other defendants , then shot last .
) He requested to see his wife and infant son .
( Obviously , not granted or answered .


Killer: UNK
Victim: Bukharin
Instrument

In exchange , the U.S. Attorney ’s Office promised not to pursue any federal charges against Epstein or his co - conspirators .
Florida attorney Brad Edwards , who represented some of Epstein ’s alleged victims , is suing the federal government over the secret non - prosecution agreement in hopes of having it overturned .
Edwards claimed in court records that the government and Epstein concealed the deal from the victims “ to prevent them from voicing any objection , and to avoid the firestorm of controversy that would have arisen if it had become known that the Government was immunizing a politically - connected billionaire and all of his co - conspirators from prosecution of hundreds of federal sex crimes against minor girls .
” The U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Florida did not respond to a request for comment about the deal .
Other politicians , celebrities and businessmen , including presidential candidate Donald Trump , have been accused of fraternizing with Epstein .


UNK, UNK, UNK, UNK, UNK

Traditionally , Ukrainian - Americans have skewed toward the Republican Party which took a hard line toward the Soviet Union during the Cold War .
Now , however , Ukrainian - Americans may abandon the GOP due to Trump 's apologetic stance toward Putin and Russia .
Former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort 's ties to former Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych , who in turn had sought to ally his country to Russia before he himself was ousted during the Maidan revolution , may also prompt Ukrainian - Americans to jettison the Republican Party .
Currently , there are more than 20 million Ukrainians living abroad , of which one million reside in the U.S. In Ohio , Ukrainian - Americans are mostly congregated around Cleveland and some 45,000 people stateside trace their roots back to the Old Country .


Answer: <UNK>, <UNK>, <UNK>

“ We continue to witness these brutal executions in the streets of Iran , while the international community remains unable to take action against this totalitarian regime , ” he said .
This comes after several human rights organisations condemned brutal practices by the Iranian authorities , especially public execution of opposition figures and civil rights activities .
According to reports , the government of the Islamic Republic of Iran has executed at least 2500 people in the past two years .
Reporting by : Ehmed Sawes Source : ARA News 

Answer: <arg1> government of the Islamic Republic of Iran  <

Given the beating he 's taken on this issue , it is obvious that the truth would be ferociously damaging if revealed .
Trump earned his spot on the national stage with his racist claim that President Obama was born abroad .
And just last month , he insisted that the five minority teens wrongly imprisoned in the infamous Central Park jogger case are guilty , despite undisputable DNA evidence that they are not .
He misses no chance to inflame racial and ethnic hatreds , as long as he can play the divisions to his advantage .
And now , in the final stretch , he is taking aim at our democracy itself , suggesting he might not honor the results .


Answer
<arg1> Trump 
<arg2> Racial and

Click to share on Twitter ( Opens in new window ) VLADIMIR Putin ’s presidential car has been involved in a deadly head - on crash in Moscow .
The Russian president ’s favourite chauffeur was killed in the horror collision , which was captured in shocking CCTV footage .
CEN 7 High - speed collision … Putin ’s presidential BMW was involved in horror crash in Moscow CEN 7 Moment cars collide on Kutuzovsky Avenue is captured in shocking footage 

Answer:
<arg1> Putin's chauffeur
<arg

A spare granite archway stands between the skeletal dome of a onetime industrial exhibition hall located directly under the spot where the bomb exploded and a museum housing the charred belongings of victims and other evidence of devastation .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story The park offers a victim ’s narrative , illustrating in gut - wrenching detail how more than 100,000 people perished and thousands more were injured .
It provides few of the historical reasons for the bombing , such as descriptions of the attack on Pearl Harbor , the savagery of Japan ’s occupation of China , or the extraordinary death toll of soldiers and civilians in the invasion of Okinawa .
A short inscription on the park ’s memorial arch reads , in part , “ We shall not repeat the evil .
” What exactly the evil was — the bombing or the conflict itself — and who is to blame are left unsaid .


Answer: <arg1> Japan <arg2> more than 100,

Image copyright AFP Image caption The UN 's secretary general denounced the attack as " savage and apparently deliberate " Analysis of satellite imagery taken after a deadly attack on an aid convoy in northern Syria last month shows that it was an air strike , a UN expert says .
At least 18 people were killed when lorries unloading at a Syrian Arab Red Crescent warehouse in a rebel - held town outside Aleppo came under fire .
The US believes Russian warplanes bombed the convoy .
Russia , which backs Syria 's government , denies the charge .


<UNK>, <UNK>, <UNK>, Aleppo, <

Under the circumstances , it should be obvious that trends in the global arms trade are a major news story and should be dealt with as such in the country most responsible for putting more weapons of a more powerful nature into the hands of those living in “ volatile ” regions .
It ’s a monster business ( in every sense of the word ) and certainly has far more dangerous consequences than licensing a Hollywood blockbuster or selling another Boeing airliner .
Historically , there have been rare occasions of public protest against unbridled arms trafficking , as with the backlash against “ the merchants of death ” after World War I , or the controversy over who armed Saddam Hussein that followed the 1991 Persian Gulf War .
Even now , small numbers of congressional representatives , including John Conyers , Chris Murphy , and Kentucky Senator Rand Paul , continue to try to halt the sale of cluster munitions , bombs , and missiles to Saudi Arabia .
There is , however , unlikely to be a genuine public debate about the value of the arms business and Washington ’s place in it if it is n’t even considered a subject worthy of more than an occasional media story .


Answer: <arg1> Washington <arg2> weapons <arg3

( Ruth Eglash ) The University of Tennessee - Knoxville agreed to pay $ 2.48 million in a sexual assault suit involving student athletes , ending a dispute that pitted eight young women against the football program .
It is the school ’s third financial settlement involving the athletics department in just two years .
( The Tennessean ) A 60-year - old British woman has become the subject of a high - profile legal dispute over whether she can use her deceased daughter ’s frozen eggs to carry her own grandchild .
A London appeal 's court sided with the woman last week .
She says it was her daughter ’s “ dying wish .
” ( Lindsey Bever ) Florida authorities are investigating a bizarre death in which they were called to the scene of a “ burning mannequin ” outside a craft store – only to discover that the body on fire belonged to a human man .


UNK UNK UNK UNK

During the debate on Sunday , he was erratic , failed to land many blows , and humiliated his running mate on the Syria question .
As for Clinton , her performance may not go down in the history books as one of the most sparkling debates , but it did n’t need to .
She managed to remain above the fray , seeming calm , presidential , and poised as her rival roamed the stage and interrupted .
Trump ’s pugilistic performance may serve as a rallying point for his key supporters , but the Republican ’s task right now is to staunch the bleeding and start winning over new voters , since he does n’t currently have enough to win .
There ’s practically no prospect he made progress on that goal Sunday night .


<UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK

In an angry and protracted meeting , they grappled one - on - one , with only Kissinger and Haksar attending their chiefs .
It was explosive .
He thought she was a warmonger ; she thought he was helping along a genocide .
Summits are often pretty placid affairs , but this was a cathartic brawl , propelled not just by totally opposite views of a brewing war , but by the hearty personal contempt that the president and prime minister had for each other .
Nixon first emphasised US aid to the refugees , but then sharply warned that launching a war was unacceptable .


<arg1> UNK 
<arg2> UNK


The Russian president ’s favourite chauffeur was killed in the horror collision , which was captured in shocking CCTV footage .
CEN 7 High - speed collision … Putin ’s presidential BMW was involved in horror crash in Moscow CEN 7 Moment cars collide on Kutuzovsky Avenue is captured in shocking footage CEN 7 A Mercedes could be seen veering from the other side of the road before smashing into Putin ’s BMW Reuters 7 President Putin , pictured yesterday at the G20 summit in China , was not in the car at the time 

Answer: <arg1> Putin's favourite chauffeur, <arg

Russian jets however , reportedly attacked the base a second time 90 minutes later , despite warning signals sent from U.S. aircraft .
U.S. officials and rebel leaders claim cluster munitions were used in the attacks and that four people were killed .
According to Interfax 's source in Moscow , the strike took place because the U.S. refused to provide Russia with information on their activities regarding the areas where moderate Syrian opposition were active and observing a cease - fire .
Russia had warned the U.S.-led coalition of imminent Russian air strikes in the area of At - Tanf , the source claimed .
“ The Russian side has already given a full explanation on this matter , " the source said .

<arg5> victims 

Answer
<arg1> Russia


The president will outline his vision during remarks at a refugee summit on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly in New York , a city struck by terrorism on Saturday .
ADVERTISEMENT Calls for Obama to reconsider his approach have been stirred anew by the latest attacks , which included homemade bombs in New York and New Jersey and stabbings in a Minnesota mall .
The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria took credit for the Minnesota attack on Saturday reportedly carried out by Dahir Adan , a 22-year - old Somali - American who worked at a private security firm .
Nine people were wounded in the stabbings ; Adan was shot and killed by an off - duty police officer .

<arg5> number

Answer: 
<arg1> Dah

The Russian economy is likewise much smaller ( only $ 1.3 trillion ) .
That is around one - tenth the size of the U.S. economy .
Moreover , Russia ’s economy is both fragile and one - dimensional , with a heavy dependence on energy exports .
In short , Russia does not have the features one usually finds in an aggressively revisionist power in the international system .
Nevertheless , Russophobes have viewed Moscow ’s annexation of Crimea and its support for pro - Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine as the harbinger of much wider aggression , when there is almost no evidence of such an agenda .


ans: <arg1> Russia <arg2> economy <arg3

If you sell it and make a profit , it ’s taxable as if it were a house or a share of stock .
Last year , the Commodities and Futures Trading Commission defined virtual currencies as commodities for regulatory purposes .
Despite its increasingly common use , many see bitcoin as inherently dirty , used when people have something to conceal .
That is what Arias and Secret Service special agent Gregory Ponzi thought when they began their investigation in 2013 .
“ There is unquestionably no evidence that the Defendant did anything wrong , other than sell his Bitcoin to an investigator who wanted to make a case , ” Pooler wrote .


Answer: <UNK>, virtual currencies, <UNK>, <UN

Police are still searching for Milhem , who managed to flee the scene .
His father , Muhammad Milhem , a police volunteer , recognized his son in video footage of the attack and called the police .
Muhammad Milhem urged security forces on Saturday to detain his son as soon as possible , fearing he would strike again .
“ What is important to me now is that they reach my son and arrest him , because he is still armed , ” he was quoted as saying by the Ynet news website .
“ And just as he murdered two people , he can murder more .
” 

<UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK

Pence started his term with a large budget surplus .
He tried to keep a big surplus — in my opinion , so he would look good in an eventual presidential run — so he was reluctant to spend money on needed programs .
Budgets were cut to such a degree that many state workers quit because they could not get anything done .
The roads got so bad that one interstate bridge sank and was closed for months .
There were detours and accidents .


Answer: <arg1> state workers <arg2> Indiana state government

It has spent those years arming and supporting Middle Eastern dictators and religious fighters , while rejecting out of hand all Soviet proposals to leave the region free to govern itself .
In 1956 , the CIA tried another coup in Syria , arming and funding Islamic militants , but without success .
For years , the CIA kept trying -- perhaps less comically than with its efforts to assassinate Fidel Castro , but certainly with greater consequences .
This history is relevant not only as a guide to what not to do , but also because the people of Syria and the region know this history , so it illuminates how they view current events .
Wesley Clark says Syria was on a Pentagon list of governments to overthrow in 2001 .


Answer: <arg1> CIA <arg2> Fidel Castro <arg

In Turkey , the private Dogan news agency reported that more than 30 of those wounded in Russian airstrikes in Azaz , primarily children , were transferred to a hospital in southern Turkey .
It showed footage of ambulances arriving at the Kilis State hospital and medical personnel unloading children on stretchers and a girl wrapped in a blanket , as well as a handful of adults .
" They hit the school , they hit the school , " wailed a Syrian woman who was unloaded from an ambulance onto a wheelchair .
The Observatory and al - Halaby also reported an air raid on the village of Kaljibrin near Azaz .
Al - Halaby said the air raid hit a school , killing seven and wounding others while the Observatory said five were killed .


Answer: 
<arg1> private Dogan news agency
<

To the Left what Trump did is a grievous offense against civility and social norms , yet Clinton ’s communistic blueprint It Takes A Village , calls for the state “ to teach , train and raise children , ” adding that “ [ p]arents have a secondary role .
” Put Hillary in the White House and she ’ll solve the problem of crying babies by terminating parental rights .
After all , that ’s what she says in her book .
And do n’t forget that the Left deems this crying baby incident to be far worse than Clinton ’s strident , unconditional , unapologetic support for the taxpayer - funded human body parts trafficking concern known as Planned Parenthood .
During the Democratic National Convention last week CNN and the New York Times pushed out the lie that at a presser Trump had invited Russia to somehow hack Hillary Clinton ’s emails which are far as anyone can tell no longer exist .
The party of sedition and treason went nuts calling Trump a traitor .


Answer: <UNK>, <UNK>, <UNK>, <

But beyond politics , there are the potential real - world consequences of a presidential candidate — one who has spent the past week boldly asserting that the election itself may be “ rigged ” against him — speaking openly about citizens bearing arms as a response to Clinton presidency , especially in a country that is enduring a prolonged period of mass shootings by troubled , disaffected individuals and domestic terrorists , and rising violence enflamed by urban unrest and a fraying social fabric .
Bernice King , the daughter of Martin Luther King Jr. , criticized Trump on Twitter .
She wrote : “ As the daughter of a leader who was assassinated , I find # Trump ’s comments distasteful , disturbing , dangerous .
His words do n’t # LiveUp .
# MLK ” 

UNK, Martin Luther King Jr., UNK, UNK.

In May 2011 , Iranian media abruptly stopped covering news about Mr Amiri and plans for a film about his alleged kidnapping were scrapped .
He was then arrested in Iran and was reportedly tried for treason .
His fate remained unknown until Saturday when his family said he had been executed and his body returned with rope marks around his neck indicating he had been hanged , the BBC reports .
Iran has repeatedly denied it is attempting to develop nuclear weapons and that all its nuclear activity is to build civilian power stations .
In January , international sanctions on Iran were lifted in exchange for confirmation , verified by the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) , that the country is not attempting to build nuclear weapons .

<arg5> victims(person/population)

<arg1>

READ MORE : ‘ You can go your way ’ : Erdogan rejects demands to change anti - terror law for EU visa deal Erdogan has yet to appoint Davutoglu ’s successor , but as the President will no doubt want his replacement to be more malleable , it is speculated that Erdogan ’s son - in - law , Energy Minister Berat Albayrak , might have what it takes .
Albayrak ’s appointment as the government ’s leader would benefit the whole Erdogan family , especially Bilal , who has been accused of involvement in illegal oil smuggling in Syria and Iraq .
Bild states that Albayrak might be “ that firm part of the clan ” that the Turkish head of state wants to see by his side .
READ MORE : ‘ Merkel threw me to a despot ’ : German comedian fights back against probe for insulting Erdogan 
Answer: <arg1> Bilal <arg2> illegal oil <arg

She argued that Britain had already retaliated against Moscow in 2007 when preliminary inquiries into the killing suggested the hand of the Russian state .
“ It is in no sense business as usual ” between Britain and Russia , she said , adding that Cameron would discuss the matter with Putin “ at the next available opportunity .
” [ Full report : Russian President Vladimir Putin implicated in fatal poisoning of former KGB operative ] That cautious stance is likely to disappoint Litvinenko ’s wife , who called Thursday for Britain to expel Russian intelligence officials and enact new sanctions in response to the killing of her husband .
Speaking before the government ’s response became public , Marina Litvinenko said her husband ’s dying belief had been vindicated .


arg1: Russian state
arg2: Alexander Litvinenko
arg

The buyer was Russian fertiliser billionaire Dmitry Rybolovlev , who was reported in the Panama Papers leaks to have used offshore law firms to hide more than $ 2bn - worth of art works , including pieces by Picasso , Van Gogh and Leonardo , from his wife in advance of their divorce .
Yanukovych , Gazprom and more Facebook Twitter Pinterest Viktor Yanukovych used to employ Paul Manafort , Trump ’s campaign manager before being ousted as Ukrainian president in 2014 .
He is now exiled in Russia .
Photograph : Ivan Sekretarev / AP 

<arg1>: Paul Manafort  
<arg2>: Ukrainian president 

Gandhi was blunter – if anything , less tactful than Nixon .
Kissinger later wrote that her tone was that of “ a professor praising a slightly backward student , ” which Nixon received with the “ glassy - eyed politeness ” that he showed when trying to muscle down his resentment .
She ripped into US arms shipments to Pakistan , which had outraged the Indian people , despite her efforts to restrain her public .
She hammered away at Pakistan ’s “ persistent ‘ hate India ’ campaign , ” which she blamed for the two previous India - Pakistan wars .
Then she gave an expansive denunciation of Pakistan .


Answer: <arg1> US <arg2> arms shipments to Pakistan

The inbound flights are getting rerouted to Krasnodar .
The Emergencies Ministry has opened up a hotline while a team of psychologists has been sent to help the grieving relatives .
Russian President Vladimir Putin has expressed has expressed condolences to the relatives and loved ones of the crashed Boeing .
“ The Russian president feels deeply for all those who lost their loved ones in the Boeing 737 crash in Rostov - on - Don , ” Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov announced on Saturday , stressing that the president has made it a priority to provide all possible assistance to the relatives of the victims .
The Russian Defense Ministry has joined the recovery operation following the crash of the Boeing-737 - 800 , it said in a statement .


Answer: 
<arg1> driver_passenger: Russian President

Increasingly , Chinese - owned factories in Siberia churn out finished goods , as if the region already were a part of the Middle Kingdom 's economy .
" According to Reuters , Chinese firms already lease or control at least 1.5 million acres of land in Russia 's Far East .
Critics of Putin 's land grab plan say it will only increase the amount of Chinese workers immigrating in masses across the border to work on newly - developed Russian farms .
Countered one Chinese businessman : " I think the Russians need to understand that if they do n't allow Chinese investment or Japanese investment or Korean investment here , they will actually lose the place .
" 

UNK, UNK, UNK, Russia, China

Calls for Obama to reconsider his approach have been stirred anew by the latest attacks , which included homemade bombs in New York and New Jersey and stabbings in a Minnesota mall .
The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria took credit for the Minnesota attack on Saturday reportedly carried out by Dahir Adan , a 22-year - old Somali - American who worked at a private security firm .
Nine people were wounded in the stabbings ; Adan was shot and killed by an off - duty police officer .
In New Jersey , Ahmad Khan Rahami , a naturalized U.S. citizen from Afghanistan , was arrested Monday in connection with bombs left in New York City and Seaside Park , N.J. The manhunt for Rahami , arrested after a shootout in New Jersey , instantly gave the GOP standard - bearer new fodder .


arg1: Dahir Adan
arg2: Nine people
arg

That may encourage Thailand , controlled by a military regime , to cooperate when China seeks out dissidents living in tropical exile .
Thailand ’s foreign minister , himself an army general , even gushed late last year that he would “ fall in love ” with his Chinese counterpart if only he were female .
The hard - learned lesson for Chinese dissidents : If you plan to flee , try to flee farther than China ’s backyard .
Prominent classified intelligence leakers sought by America — namely Julian Assange and Edward Snowden — have sought refuge with the help of Ecuador and Russia , among a small number of nations willing to defy the world ’s leading superpower .
Likewise , as China ascends , it too is expanding the pool of countries willing to help capture dissidents on the lam .


Answer: <arg1> Thailand <arg2> Chinese dissidents <arg

He has for his entire campaign operated under the theory that all publicity is good publicity , that he ’ll dominate at the polls if he can dominate each news cycle with his latest outrage — and , for a long time , it worked .
But the act is wearing thin .
He has faced building criticism from conservatives and fellow Republicans for encouraging Russia to hack Clinton ’s emails , for apparently being unaware of Russia ’s invasion of Ukraine , and for senselessly and repeatedly attacking the Muslim parents of a slain American soldier .
His refusal Tuesday to support Paul Ryan or John McCain in their primaries ( both men are supporting him ) will surely heighten the criticism .
Polls show Clinton rebuilding the substantial lead she had before the conventions and before the FBI director ’s scalding comments on her emails .


<UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK

Moreover , she says this would be in violation of international trade rules and Mexico and China would respond by going to the World Trade Organization , where they would win a judgment .
Or they could retaliate against U.S. goods , such as agricultural products , which would " inflict great damage .
" Trump would impose tariffs on some goods from Mexico and huge penalties on imports from China , from 25 percent to 45 percent .
These countries are cheating America on trade , he charges .
But trade specialists note that he could n't do this unilaterally .


<UNK>, <UNK>, <UNK>, Mexico, China

Investors from local farmers to billionaire tycoons are pumping money into the business .
Russian wheat has crowded out U.S. supplies in Egypt , the world ’s biggest buyer , and is gaining footholds in some other countries , such as Nigeria , Bangladesh and Indonesia .
That ’s four decades after the Soviet Union turned to U.S. shipments of wheat and corn to offset shortfalls in its own harvests .
Over the last decade , Russia has been the biggest single source of growth in wheat exports , vital to meeting surging global demand .
“ Russia will be among the top exporters for a long time , especially given the potential advances in productivity there , ” said Tom Basnett , general manager at Market Check , a Sydney - based commodity consultant .


Answer: <arg1> Russia  <arg2> wheat  <

Roughly 40 % of the crude imported from Iran was refined at Essar Oil 's massive refinery in the state of Gujarat .
Now that the refinery is under new ownership , it 's likely to be processing more shipments from Russia .
Lalit Kumar Gupta , Essar Oil 's chief executive officer , told Bloomberg in August that shipments from Iran would decline if Rosneft bought a stake in the Indian firm .
" When they are on board we will see how much to buy , what to buy , " he said .
Now , Iran might need to find new buyers in a global market already saturated with supply .


Answer: <arg1> Rosneft <arg2> crude oil

He even suggested that one leaked email , where a Politico columnist asked Podesta to fact - check part of a story he was writing , was evidence this is “ a media - rigged election .
” Unlike Clinton , Trump ’s polling numbers have only nosedived for the last two weeks since The Washington Post reported he once bragged about grabbing women “ by the pussy ” without their consent .
In the last presidential debate , he promised to try to incarcerate Clinton if elected and tried to make an issue out of Bill Clinton ’s past sexual misconduct .
He also said he had never sexually assaulted anyone — a remark that prompted ten women to publicly accuse him of sexual misconduct .
His campaign ’s circumstances have only grown more dire since then , which means he ’s likely to feel completely liberated on the debate stage .


UNK, UNK, UNK, UNK, UNK

“ For the Turks , this was a test of loyalty , and Europe failed it .
” Yet Europe is right to fear that the crackdown on suspected Gulen sympathisers has spun out of control .
Over 80,000 people have been arrested , sacked or suspended , including soldiers , judges , teachers , policemen , businessmen and even football officials .
Nearly 100 journalists have been detained and more than a hundred media outlets shut down ; ordinary criminals have been set free to make room for political cases .
Many of those purged appear to have only tenuous links to the Gulenists .


Answer:
<arg1> soldiers, judges, teachers, policemen,

But stepping into the human zone for even a few minutes backfired .
The actor Mandy Patinkin , who played Inigo Montoya in the film , reacted with horror when he learned Cruz was doing his character 's famous line " You killed my father , prepare to die .
" He accused Cruz of deliberately leaving out the key line in Montoya 's speech , after he finally slays the man who killed his father : " I 've been in the revenge business for so long , now that it 's over , I do n't know what to do with the rest of my life .
" Patinkin believed Cruz did n't do that line because Cruz is himself in the revenge business , promising to " carpet - bomb [ ISIS ] into oblivion " and wondering if " sand can glow .
" Related Meet the Canadian Welcoming Americans If Trump Wins Rob Calabrese sees an opportunity to solve Cape Breton Island 's population crisis in America 's presidential election 

<UNK>, <UNK>, <UNK>, <UNK

This is eerily similar to the situation faced by Franklin Delano Roosevelt when he took office in March of 1933 , in the midst of the Great Depression .
Europe was going fascist , but at this time Americans resisted fascism and supported FDR .
After FDR died , J. Edgar Hoover ’s FBI ran a terrifying witch hunt against everyone who collaborated with FDR , and later targetted President Kennedy and Martin Luther King , Jr , both of whom were assassinated .
Today , after 15 years of Bush and Obama , in the wake of the September 11 , 2001 attacks , it is the government of the United States which is fascist , and the American people who have become the legendary “ good Germans ” and accommodated themselves to an FBI and Wall Street dictatorship .
Look at the world today .


Answer: <arg1> J. Edgar Hoover's FBI; <arg

The girls testified they were lured to Epstein ’s home after being promised hundreds of dollars to be his model or masseuse , but when they arrived , he ordered them to take off their clothes and massage his naked body while he masturbated and used sex toys on them .
The U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Florida prepared charging documents that accused Epstein of child sex abuse , witness tampering and money laundering , but Epstein took a plea deal before an indictment could be handed up .
On Sept. 24 , 2007 , in a deal shrouded in secrecy that left alleged victims shocked at its leniency , Epstein agreed to a 30-month sentence , including 18 months of jail time and 12 months of house arrest and the agreement to pay dozens of young girls under a federal statute providing for compensation to victims of child sexual abuse .
In exchange , the U.S. Attorney ’s Office promised not to pursue any federal charges against Epstein or his co - conspirators .
Florida attorney Brad Edwards , who represented some of Epstein ’s alleged victims , is suing the federal government over the secret non - prosecution agreement in hopes of having it overturned .


Answer: <arg1> Epstein <arg2> girls <arg3

I do n't know if it was meant to be a compliment , ” he said .
Then he offered his own backhanded compliment .
“ I will say this about Hillary : She does n't quit .
She does n't give up .
I respect that .


<arg1> She
<arg2> UNK
<arg

But the weaker regulations also make it potentially easier for arms smugglers and human rights abusers to get their hands on US arms .
For example , 36 US allies — from Argentina and Bulgaria to Romania and Turkey — will no longer need licenses from the State Department to import weapons and weapons parts from the United States .
This will make it far easier for smuggling networks to set up front companies in such countries and get US arms and arms components that they can then pass on to third parties like Iran or China .
Already a common practice , it will only increase under the new regulations .
The degree to which the Obama administration has been willing to bend over backward to help weapons exporters was underscored at a 2013 hearing on those administration export “ reforms .
” Tom Kelly , then the deputy assistant secretary of the State Department ’s Bureau of Political - Military Affairs , caught the spirit of the era when asked whether the administration was doing enough to promote American arms exports .


Answer: <UNK>, US arms and arms components, <UNK

Blue Burmese , an anonymous blogger , described the social media comments as " protesting for the BBC to cover our protest " , while Bryan Bastable – a trainer at assistive technology company Vocendi – questioned why the BBC was covering protests in Brazil , but not London .
Moballeghi said : " I do n't think it is surprising that the mainstream media do n't give these protests the attention they deserve .
While it 's not the case they ignore it completely , they definitely fit it into an editorial that does n't give the protest much weight .
" They could just as easily decide to run with a story like this and put pressure on the politicians to respond to these calls , " she added .
" But that 's just the nature of the mainstream press and I do n't think anyone here would be surprised at the style or tone of coverage .
" 

Answer: 
<arg1> Blue Burmese 
<

Click to share on Facebook ( Opens in new window ) Click to share on Twitter ( Opens in new window ) A TOP scientist claims US presidential candidate Hillary Clinton may have been poisoned by her rival Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin – which caused her to collapse at a 9/11 memorial event .
Bennet Omalu , an established forensic pathologist , warned campaign officials to get Clinton ’s blood checked for possible poison after she was caught on camera appearing to faint at a 9/11 service .
Getty Images 5 A well - established doctor claims Hilary Clinton is being poisoned 
<arg5> victim(person)

<arg1>: Donald Trump

Wuhayeb asks each if he is Sunni or Shiite , and when they say Sunni , he quizzes them on how many times one bows during prayer .
When they get it wrong , three of them admit to being Alawites , a Shiite offshoot sect , and Wuhayeb and his men lay the three drivers in the dirt and shoot them to death .
After Wuhayeb 's killing , ISIS killed several dozen of its own members in Anbar , including some mid - level officials , on suspicion of informing on his location , and other members fled to Turkey , the two intelligence officials said .
They spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to talk to the press .
Some of the suspects were shot dead in front of other ISIS fighters as a lesson , the Iraqi officials said .


Answer: <arg1> Wuhayeb  <arg2>

( Photo : Andrew Medichini , AP ) Secretary of State John Kerry on Wednesday warned that the United States would stop talking to Moscow about ending Syria 's civil war unless it ends the onslaught in the city of Aleppo by Russian and Syrian government forces .
Kerry 's warning came as Pope Francis assailed the assault on civilians in what was Syria 's largest city , saying the perpetrators will be held “ accountable to God ” for their actions .
Over the past week in Aleppo , Russian and Syrian war planes have unleashed the worst aerial bombardment in the 5-year - old war .
More than 200 people have been killed , according to human rights groups .

<arg5> number victims

Answer: 
<arg1>

Humanitarian aid collected by Russian religious communities to be delivered to Syria In April 2017 , the Council for Communications with Religious Communities that reports to the Russian President set up a workgroup for assistance to the population of Syria Putin to hold talks with Kyrgyz president in Kremlin The sides are expected to sign a document on stepping up the alliance and strategic partnership between Moscow and Bishkek Russian daredevil detained on rooftop after climbing Moscow skyscraper ( VIDEOS ) The self - styled " Russian Spiderman " conquering a 72-story building in the capital � s Moscow City business center has been met by police and emergencies services on the rooftop .
The stunt Ve?er : Border ruling will have consequences in both countries The upcoming decision of the arbitral tribunal on the border between Slovenia and Croatia , regardless of the fact that Croatia 's withdrawal from the arbitration agreement is null and void under in 

Answer: <arg1> Russian religious communities <arg2> humanitarian aid

" I have the information and facts that have never been published .
" Russia was suspended from international athletics in November after a special commission of the World Anti - Doping Agency ( WADA ) exposed widespread state - sponsored cheating and corruption .
Kamayev , who quit as executive director of Russia 's Anti - Doping Agency ( RUSADA ) two months ago , died last weekend at the age of 52 .
A Taas news agency report said it appeared his death was caused by a heart attack .
Kamayev stood down from his position , along with the rest of the senior RUSADA management , in mid - December as Russia began working on lifting the suspension in time for its athletes to compete at the Rio de Janeiro Olympics in August .


Answer: 
<arg1> Kamayev
<arg2

More than two thousand of those deer have already died , all of them in the Yamalo - Nenetsky area .
This territory is located above the Arctic Circle , and is generally known for a very long winter that lasts up to 8 months , and extremely low temperatures , reaching -70 degrees Celsius .
A total of 90 people , half of them children , were taken to hospital after being evacuated from the remote area where the infection spread .
Most of them tested negative for the disease .
Yamal residents are collecting donations for the evacuees , who had to leave most of their possessions behind .


<arg1> 90 people
<arg2> evacuees


“ It shows [ Teeter ] come up behind him and reach out her left hand and grab his shoulder .
[ She ] was pulling him back , and he lifted up his right hand to get her off of him , and she fell .
” The video , which is somewhat unclear , shows Campbell stumbling at about 0:35 , and shows Teeter following him , then reaching out to him at about 0:55 .
It does not show the precise moment at which Campbell reacts and Teeter falls .
Smith told Breitbart News that Teeter returned to protesting after the incident , and was later photographed smiling .


Answer:
<arg1> Teeter
<arg2> Campbell

Oil prices have dropped below $ 30 a barrel in recent months , a fall of 70 percent since 2014 .
Al Jazeera 's Bernard Smith , reporting from Doha , said that the challenge would be to get other producing countries , including Iran , to freeze production as well .
Iran 's IRNA news agency said on Sunday the country had exported its first crude shipment to Europe since it reached a landmark deal last year with world powers .
IRNA quoted Rokneddin Javadi , Iran 's deputy oil minister , as saying the shipment , the first in five years , marked " a new chapter " in Iran 's oil industry .
Javadi said Iran had already reached an agreement to export oil to France , Russia and Spain .


Answer: <arg1> Iran <arg2> crude shipment <arg

But he added that " our campaign plan is predicated on providing support to and enabling indigenous ground forces , and so , that strategy and that approach has been working .
" So far , U.S. operations against ISIS have cost $ 6.5 billion since August 2014 , about $ 11.4 million per day for 571 days , according to a new Pentagon estimate on Friday .
Republicans in Congress have blasted the administration for not moving faster and not taking more action against ISIS .
After Secretary of State John Kerry John KerryTillerson : ' My view did n’t change ' on Paris climate agreement CORRECTED : Three members of Mueller 's team have donated to Democrats Kerry : New Iran sanctions may be dangerous MORE on Thursday formally labeled ISIS 's crimes as " genocide , " the first time since 2004 the U.S. has used that term — Republicans called upon the administration to do more to defeat the group .
" Now that our government is recognizing this crisis , it needs to do more to stop it , " House Speaker Paul Ryan Paul RyanRepublicans and the lost promise of local control in education Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax push Overnight Finance : Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax reform | Warren targets Wells Fargo board | Senators raise concerns over Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi hits GOP for budget delays MORE ( R - Wis .
) said Thursday .

<arg5> victims

Answer: <arg1> Republicans in Congress

However , it added that the plan was dependent on ending all sieges , allowing in humanitarian aid , releasing all detainees and ending bombardments by ground or air .
The British foreign secretary , Philip Hammond , expressed scepticism about the ceasefire .
Speaking to the House of Commons , he said : “ Whatever the technicalities , the big picture is this : unless the level of Russian airstrikes dramatically decreases , this ceasefire will not hold because the moderate armed opposition can not lay down their weapons and will not lay down their weapons while they are being annihilated from the air .
“ The ceasefire agreement will allow continuing operations against Daesh [ Isis ] and al - Nusra , and no one would disagree with that .
The problem is the Russians claim to date that all of their action has been against those groups , so on the face of it the Russians could be entering into this arrangement on the basis that they are not going to change their behaviour at all .

<arg5> number/type of victims

arg1: Russians 

Instead of spending a trillion dollars creating a new generation of nuclear weapons and modes of delivery , it ’s time to instead change direction here and move as quickly as humanly possible towards nuclear disarmament .
And instead of blaming the Russians , we need to acknowledge it was actually the Russians who tried to engage us in a nuclear disarmament process , again , several decades ago .
We need to revive that proposal , take them up on it and move to nuclear disarmament — excuse me — as quickly as we possibly can , because this is sitting on an absolute catastrophe into which we could stumble at any point , particularly given the crazy circular firing squad that ’s taking place now around Syria , where there are so many allies at cross - purposes with each other that any of us could be dragged into a larger , full - scale , and even nuclear , war at any moment .
And it ’s important to remember , not only is this a trillion dollars which has been proposed — actually , is underway , a trillion dollars ’ worth of spending over the next decade and a half , approximately , on new nuclear weapons , but let ’s look at our whole war budget , which is half of our discretionary budget .
Nearly half of your income taxes are going to pay for these absolutely catastrophic wars .


<UNK>, <UNK>, <UNK>, <UNK

He ’s not taking it , and recommending that Trump stop being Trump is making Republicans look daft .
It creates the false impression that his faults are fixable .
Trump ’s idea of hiring the “ best ” people amounts to erratically hiring and firing one set of unqualified advisers after another , none with the skill set to run a presidential campaign .
Second , he ’s not trying to improve or run a new and improved campaign .
He wants to do it his way , irrespective of whether he goes down in flames .


Answer:
<arg1> Trump
<arg2> presidential campaign

JUST WATCHED Undercover in Syria : On Aleppo 's ' Death Road ' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Undercover in Syria : On Aleppo 's ' Death Road ' 03:25 Syria 's conflict started in 2011 and has raged on for years , with more than 250,000 killed , according to the United Nations .
It started as an anti - government protest as Syrians nationwide demanded reform and the release of political protesters .
Government forces fired on the protesters , killing scores .
As the government crackdown intensified , the opposition got more organized .


Answer: <arg1> protesters <arg2> Syria

Nine people were wounded in the stabbings ; Adan was shot and killed by an off - duty police officer .
In New Jersey , Ahmad Khan Rahami , a naturalized U.S. citizen from Afghanistan , was arrested Monday in connection with bombs left in New York City and Seaside Park , N.J. The manhunt for Rahami , arrested after a shootout in New Jersey , instantly gave the GOP standard - bearer new fodder .
“ Hillary Clinton Hillary Rodham ClintonGOP fires opening attack on Dem reportedly running for Heller 's Senate seat Trump seeks tech 's help for government IT overhaul What do Democrats stand for ? MORE wants to increase what [ Obama has ] let in , ” Trump said Monday on Fox News .


Answer: 
<arg1> Ahkam Khan Rahami 

Trump talks of barring Muslims from entering the country -- which means everyone at our border crossings and airports , including Christians and Jews , would somehow have to prove religious affiliation .
Clinton would impose no religious test , ever .
Trump would offer the largest tax cut in our nation 's history , skewed heavily towards the rich , a move that economists of every stripe warn would explode the national debt .
Clinton would require the rich and corporations to pay more , and use the money mostly to help middle - class families cover the cost of college .
This list goes on and on .

<arg5>  (suffering) victims

Answer: <arg

And once in a while , if a foreign leader meets with the president , US arms sales to his or her country might generate an article or two .
But the sheer size of the American arms trade , the politics that drive it , the companies that profit from it , and its devastating global impacts are rarely discussed , much less analyzed in any depth .
Why do other major US exports garner regular coverage while trends in weapons exports remain in relative obscurity ? So here ’s a question that ’s puzzled me for years ( and I ’m something of an arms wonk ) : Why do other major US exports — from Hollywood movies to Midwestern grain shipments to Boeing airliners — garner regular coverage while trends in weapons exports remain in relative obscurity ? Are we ashamed of standing essentially alone as the world ’s No .


Answer: arg1: US arms sales, arg2: weapons exports,

Police in Istanbul and elsewhere have in the past months conducted similar raids on workshops that produce defective lifejackets sold to migrants .
Turkey is under intense pressure to stem the flow of migrants to Europe .
In November , it agreed to fight the smuggling networks and help curb irregular migration .
In return , the European Union pledged 3 billion euros ( $ 3.25 billion ) to help improve the refugees ’ conditions .
The International Organization for Migration says 284 migrants have died so far this year trying to make the dangerous crossing from Turkey to Greece .


Answer: <arg1> Turkey <arg2> migrants <arg3

But stepping into the human zone for even a few minutes backfired .
The actor Mandy Patinkin , who played Inigo Montoya in the film , reacted with horror when he learned Cruz was doing his character 's famous line " You killed my father , prepare to die .
" He accused Cruz of deliberately leaving out the key line in Montoya 's speech , after he finally slays the man who killed his father : " I 've been in the revenge business for so long , now that it 's over , I do n't know what to do with the rest of my life .
" Patinkin believed Cruz did n't do that line because Cruz is himself in the revenge business , promising to " carpet - bomb [ ISIS ] into oblivion " and wondering if " sand can glow .
" Related Meet the Canadian Welcoming Americans If Trump Wins Rob Calabrese sees an opportunity to solve Cape Breton Island 's population crisis in America 's presidential election 

UNK, UNK, UNK, UNK

Image copyright AFP Image caption Julian Assange has been claiming asylum at London 's Ecuadorean embassy since 2012 WikiLeaks says that Ecuador has shut down internet access for its founder Julian Assange .
The transparency activist has sought asylum at London 's Ecuadorean embassy since 2012 to avoid extradition over sex assault allegations .


Answer: UNK, Julian Assange, UNK, London, Ecu

Investigators say nanny killed young girl and set flat on fire before being detained at metro station Police have detained a nanny on suspicion of murder after she was found at a Moscow metro station holding the severed head of a child .
The woman , believed to be from central Asia , can be seen in video footage holding up what appears to be a severed head near Oktyabrskoye Pole station in north - western Moscow .
In the video she is covered in black except for her face and she can be heard shouting “ for a terrorist , for your death ” .


Answer: <arg1> nanny <arg2> severed head <

Former CIA Director Panetta Calls Trump 's Russia Comment ' Inconceivable ' Enlarge this image toggle caption Saul Loeb / AFP / Getty Images Saul Loeb / AFP / Getty Images Former CIA Director Leon Panetta blasted Donald Trump Wednesday night from the stage of the Democratic National Convention , calling his recent comment that Russia should " find " Hillary Clinton 's emails " irresponsible " and " inconceivable .
" Panetta 's comments were largely disrupted by the crowd chanting " No more war , " but he continued his remarks .
Earlier Wednesday , Trump urged Russian agents to " find " Clinton 's emails and release them , an unprecedented move by a candidate for president encouraging such a foreign breach .

<arg5> victims

Answer    <arg1> Leon Panetta

It later came out that more than 900 of the 1,600 seats were given to local and national GOP officials .
( Trump mentioned during the debate that he had only his wife and son there in comparison , but few picked up on what he was saying .
) Pundits , meanwhile , lined up to congratulate Jeb for " assailing " Trump – " Bush is finally going for it , " The New York Times wrote – but the exchange really highlighted many of the keys to Trump 's success .
Trump had said things that were true and that no other Republican would dare to say .
And yet the press congratulated the candidate stuffed with more than $ 100 million in donor cash who really did take five whole days last year to figure out his position on his own brother 's invasion of Iraq .

<arg5> victims

<arg1> Jeb Bush
<arg

For months , Clinton and her allies in the # NeverTrump movement have attempted to paint Trump as someone who could n't do the job of the presidency .
Tonight , Trump proved them wrong .
Trump was particularly impressive when he passionately defended the success of the " stop and frisk " policy in New York City in lowering the number of homicides .
By making the crime issue about the non - criminals who live in the impacted communities and are victimized , Trump showed that this issue is n't about arresting people , but instead about protecting the innocent .
It was clear that Trump believed every word he said , speaking directly to African - American and Hispanic voters about the personal safety issue that dominates their lives with a passion that Clinton never mustered .


Answer: <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <

When a Russian FSB agent and a Russian soldier were killed by a team of Ukrainian saboteurs , and one of the captured Ukrainians was shown on Russian media in handcuffs , US ambassador to Ukraine Geoffrey Pyatt tweeted “ US government has seen nothing so far that corroborates Russians allegations of a ‘ Crimea incursion ’ & Ukraine has strongly refuted them .
” Apparently two dead Russians do n’t count for much in Pyatt ’s book : perhaps Putin personally killed them , and the whole thing is a set up .


<UNK>, <UNK>, <UNK>, <UNK

There ’s no more doubting it , no more excusing it , no more defending it , no more trying to explain it away .
We ’re past the time when having a Jewish son - in - law makes it okay to spew paranoia and conspiracy theories .
A line has finally been crossed , and we need to acknowledge a cold and very scary truth : Donald Trump is openly trafficking in the types of anti - Semitic slurs that have been used to justify the hatred of Jews for decades .
I do n’t write those words glibly , or casually .
They ’re not words I ever thought I ’d need to write about the nominee of a major American political party .


Answer: <arg1> Donald Trump, <arg2> anti-

Syringe restrictions legislated during the 1980s war on drugs contributed to Danny Wilson 's HIV infection .
( CBC ) The authors found the biggest factor driving higher rates of infection among drug users was that they were excessively incarcerated and excluded from HIV and hepatitis C prevention , treatment and harm - reduction programs .
These include needle and syringe exchanges , safe injection facilities and opioid substitution therapies such as methadone .
Russia is the opposite extreme , the authors said .


Answer: <arg1> Danny Wilson <arg2> HIV infection <

Gabbard is the first practicing Hindu in US Congress .
AB Wire Hawaii Rep. Tulsi Gabbard , the first practicing Hindu elected to the US Congress , and who quit the Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) to endorse Bernie Sanders as the party ’s nominee , has ruled out squabbles with the DNC as the reason for her leaving as vice chairwoman of the DNC .
“ This had nothing to do with the DNC or DNC politics .
This had everything to do with my decision that I could no longer stand on the sidelines as elections are taking place to determine who our potential next commander in chief could be , ” Gabbard , the DNC ’s vice chairwoman until her resignation Sunday , told MSNBC ’s “ Morning Joe ” on Monday .


Answer:
<arg1> Tulsi Gabbard
<arg

* * * The Soviet Union had a long tradition of bumping off its enemies .
They included Leon Trotsky ( ice - pick in the head ) , Ukrainian nationalists ( poisons , exploding cakes ) and the Bulgarian dissident Georgi Markov ( ricin pellet fired from an umbrella , on London ’s Waterloo Bridge ) .
There was a spectrum .
It went from killings that were demonstrative , to those where the KGB ’s fingerprints were nowhere to be found , however hard you looked .

<arg5> injure(hurt/kill)

Answer: 

The United Kingdom has been by far the biggest purchaser of US weapons in Europe of late , with more than $ 6 billion in deals struck over the past two years alone — more , that is , than the US has sold to all other European countries combined .
The British defense behemoth BAE is Lockheed Martin ’s principal foreign partner on the F-35 combat aircraft , which at a projected cost of $ 1.4 trillion over its lifetime already qualifies as the most expensive weapons program in history .
If Brexit - driven austerity were to lead to a delay in , or the cancellation of , the F-35 deal ( or any other major weapons shipments ) , it would be a blow to American arms makers .
But count on one thing : Were there to be even a hint that this might happen to the F-35 , lobbyists for BAE will mobilize to get the deal privileged status , whatever other budget cuts may be in the works .
On the bright side ( if you happen to be a weapons maker ) , any British reductions will certainly be more than offset by opportunities in Eastern and Central Europe , where a new Cold War seems to be gaining traction .


Answer: <arg1> UK <arg2> weapons <arg3

For the sake of finding Seth 's killer , and for the sake of giving the family the space they need at this terrible time , they are asking for the public to refrain from pushing unproven and harmful theories about Seth 's murder , ” Bauman said .
Asked about the reward , WikiLeaks said in a statement , “ We treat threats toward any suspected source of WikiLeaks with extreme gravity .
This should not be taken to imply that Seth Rich was a source to WikiLeaks or to imply that that his murder is connected to our publications .
” A spokesperson for WikiLeaks did not respond to follow up questions about whether the website was concerned about fanning conspiracy theorists .
The DNC also declined to comment .


Answer: <arg1> UNK <arg2> Seth <arg

Tests on the clump showed it contained 390,000 becquerels of polonium .
The levels were so high that they could only have come from polonium itself .
After laying the poison in Litvinenko ’s teapot , Kovtun had gone back upstairs to his room .
There , in the privacy of the bathroom , he had tipped the rest of the liquid solution down the sink .
No one else – other than Lugovoi and Sokolenko – had access to the room .

<arg5> harm(physical/mental)
 
<arg1

His statement provoked a sharp reaction from the broadcaster , which denounced Gulen ’s attempt to pressure the channel to cancel its broadcast , and aired the documentary .
“ We can never accept this .
We will protest against any attempt to exert pressure that threatens freedom of expression , ” said TV4 ’s program director , Viveka Hansson , in a statement on the company ’s website .
Speaking to Expressen , Gulen said that he had “ full respect for freedom of expression and for the channel , ” but refused to retract his plea to TV4 to withdraw the documentary piece .
“ These are my feelings .


Answer: Gulen (demonstrator), TV4's website (place

The helicopter came down roughly mid - way between Aleppo and Russia 's main air base at Hmeimim in the western province of Latakia , near the Mediterranean coast .
Russian air power began supporting Syrian President Bashar al Assad late last year , an intervention which tipped the balance of the war in Assad 's favor , eroding gains the rebels had made that year .
No group has claimed responsibility for downing the Mi-8 military transport helicopter .
Government and opposition forces have both denied using chemical weapons during the five - year - old civil war .
Western powers say the government has been responsible for chlorine and other chemical attacks .


Answer: 
arg1: Russia
arg2: helicopter
arg

MADRID Two Indian men arrested in Spain for smuggling Russian anti - aircraft missiles were extradited to the United States , Spanish military police said in a statement on Thursday .
Spanish police detained the pair in Barcelona in 2014 along with two Pakistani men , who have already been extradited , as part of a joint operation - dubbed Operation Yoga - with the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) to bust a smuggling ring based in the Catalonia region .
The group had offered the Russian - built Igla missiles to foreign paramilitary groups .


Answer: 
<arg1> : Two Indian men 
<

Syringe restrictions legislated during the 1980s war on drugs contributed to Danny Wilson 's HIV infection .
( CBC ) The authors found the biggest factor driving higher rates of infection among drug users was that they were excessively incarcerated and excluded from HIV and hepatitis C prevention , treatment and harm - reduction programs .
These include needle and syringe exchanges , safe injection facilities and opioid substitution therapies such as methadone .
Russia is the opposite extreme , the authors said .


Answer: <arg1> Danny Wilson <arg2> HIV infection <

If this was the only evidence of calculated racial divisiveness in Trump ’s campaign , it would be one thing .
It is not .
Last year — in one of the many tweets by racial supremacists that he has promoted to 12 million followers of his Twitter account — Trump disseminated the falsehood that blacks kill 81 % of white homicide victims .
( The actual number is 15 % .
) In February , asked on national television whether he would reject the support of former Ku Klux Klan grand wizard David Duke , Trump said “ I just do n’t know anything about him .
” He later blamed an earpiece — and said that he disavowed Duke .


Answer: <UNK>, White, <UNK>, <UNK

This is why Turkey became anxious when Russia began delivering airstrikes against the IS infrastructure and destroyed more than 500 trucks with oil already .
This really got on Erdogan and his company ’s nerves .
They ’re importing not only oil , but wheat and historic artefacts as well .
” Bilal Erdogan denies Russian allegations Bilal Erdogan this week denied continuous Russian allegations that he and his family were profiting from the illegal smuggling of oil from ISIS - held territory in Syria and Iraq , after Russia ’s defence ministry said it had proof that the Erdogan family was benefiting directly from this trade .


Answer: <arg1> Erdogan's company <arg2> oil,

Putin was not in the car at the time .
Russian media reports that the president ’s official driver was killed in the crash .
Related Stories if looks could kill Obama and Putin in tense G20 standoff as they fail to reach a breakthrough on Syria PUTIN MEETIN ’ ETON Eleven Eton pupils made guests of honour by Vladimir Putin at the Kremlin … pipping Theresa May BETRAYING LABOUR ’S VALUES Corbyn is playing into Putin ’s hands by refusing to defend a Nato ally , says former chief SYRIA CARNAGE Russia has killed more civilians than ISIS as Putin 's jets blitz war - ravaged Syria VLAD ’S DIRTY BILLIONS Inside the murky finances of Russian president Vladimir Putin who critics claim has hundreds of billions of secret personal wealth THREAT OF WAR Fears of all - out conflict in Ukraine as Vladimir Putin places 40,000 troops along the border PUTIN 'S PURGE Shock as Vladimir Putin ’s sacks his Chief - of - Staff after years in the Russian President ’s inner circle Medics are said to have arrived quickly on the scene , but the unnamed victim — who had more than 40 years ’ driving experience — died instantly .
It is not known if the driver of the other vehicle was injured in the crash .


<UNK>

All of these things , they ’re so false .
They ’re such lies .
” Clinton ’s campaign announced Friday it would be featuring Khizr Khan , the father of Humayun Khan , a deceased Muslim American soldier , whose family drew Trump ’s ire after speaking ill of him at the Democratic National Convention , in an ad that will run in Florida and other battleground states .
In the minute - long spot , Khan asks Trump : “ Would my son have a place in your America ? ” Clinton ’s campaign has also run ads highlighting Trump ’s disparaging rhetoric toward women , Republicans blasting their party ’s standard - bearer and Trump ’s outsourcing of American jobs that make products overseas .


Answer: <UNK>, Humayun Khan, <UNK>,

The video lasts nine minutes and ends with a masked man addressing President Vladimir Putin and urging Daesh supporters to attack Russia .
© REUTERS/ Ahmed Saad Daesh Commanders Fleeing Mosul Amid Iraqi Army 's Liberation Campaign Daesh terrorist group , outlawed in the United States , Russia and numerous other countries throughout the world , has seized vast areas in Iraq and Syria , forcing thousands of people to flee their homes .
The radical Sunni group has become notorious for its human rights atrocities , such as public beheadings of foreign journalists .
Daesh and its affiliates have claimed responsibility for numerous terrorist attacks carried out in various parts of the world , including the July 14 Nice attack and the the March 22 Brussels attacks .


UNK, UNK, UNK, Iraq, Syria

Most synthetic drugs that end up in the United In States come from China , either directly or by way of Mexico , according to the DEA .
China already has placed controls on 19 fentanyl - related compounds .
Adding carfentanil to that list is likely to only diminish , not eliminate , global supply .
Despite periodic crackdowns , people willing to skirt the law are easy to find in China 's vast , freewheeling chemicals industry , made up of an estimated 160,000 companies operating legally and illegally .
Vendors said they lie on customs forms , guaranteed delivery to countries where carfentanil is banned and volunteered strategic advice on sneaking packages past law enforcement .


Answer: <arg1> China <arg2> carfentan

What they found confirmed the truth of Planck ’s maxim .
Junior researchers who had worked closely with the elite scientists , authoring papers with them , published less .
At the same time , there was a marked increase in papers by newcomers to the field , who were less likely to cite the work of the deceased eminence .
The articles by these newcomers were substantive and influential , attracting a high number of citations .
They moved the whole field along .


<UNK>, <UNK>, <UNK>, <UNK

Al Jazeera 's Bernard Smith , reporting from Doha , said that the challenge would be to get other producing countries , including Iran , to freeze production as well .
Iran 's IRNA news agency said on Sunday the country had exported its first crude shipment to Europe since it reached a landmark deal last year with world powers .
IRNA quoted Rokneddin Javadi , Iran 's deputy oil minister , as saying the shipment , the first in five years , marked " a new chapter " in Iran 's oil industry .
Javadi said Iran had already reached an agreement to export oil to France , Russia and Spain .
Iran said in January that it planned to add to its production , which stands at 3.1 million barrels per day ( bpd ) despite the drop in price , and should not be blamed for further price falls .


<UNK>, crude shipment, <UNK>, Iran, Europe

Investigators claim she murdered the girl , who is believed to have learning difficulties , after starting a fire at the child 's family home in a block of flats .
Scroll down for video A burka - clad babysitter has been arrested in Moscow after she walked through the streets carrying the severed head of a four - year - old girl The nanny , Gyulchehra Bobokulova , 38 , from Uzbekistan , has been arrested .
It is now known that the beheaded remains of the girl , identified as Anastasia ( Nastya ) Meshcheryakova , were discovered inside her cot .


Answer:
<arg1> Gyulchehra Bobokulova

Both French and Egyptian prime ministers said they were unable to rule out any possibility , including terrorism .
Thursday 's incident comes less than a year after Metrojet Flight 9268 crashed in northern Sinai in Egypt , killing all 224 people on board .
Russian investigators blamed the crash on a bomb claimed by the Islamic State ( ISIS ) , and Egypt 's president later acknowledged the crash as a terrorist attack .
Video : James Valles reporting ( Twitter : @jamesvalles ) This is a breaking news alert .


Answer: <arg1> UNK
<arg2> Metrojet

Virgins are needed for meeting very rich men .
Your home country and town do not matter Advert seeking escorts Related stories Eyes on the prize Montpellier midfielder Ryad Boudebouz hilariously caught ogling at French beauty queen LAG LOVE Prisoner , 22 , writes love poem to his ' black beauty ' officer , 24 , after she smuggled phones into prison for him On claud nine Italian beauty Claudia Romani celebrates AC Milan win by stripping down to her skimpy underwear ' I want people to look up to me ' Beauty Queen Soheila Clifford set to take X Factor by storm with sexy selfies Dolling up with the Kardashians Inside Kim Kardashian 's £ 650 A DAY beauty routine PICTURE PERFECT ? This Morning beauty Holly Willoughby like you 've NEVER seen her before Just like mum Cindy Crawford 's 15-year - old lookalike daughter Kaia Gerber unveiled as new face of Marc Jacobs beauty She claimed Anna was no longer living in the hotel where they originally stayed but was now in a flat in Dubai with two other eastern European girls who were ready to work as escorts .


UNK, UNK, UNK, UNK, UNK

4/14 Bombing in Aleppo The damage of the airstrikes in the rebel - held area of Aleppo on April 28 Reuters 5/14 Bombing in Aleppo The damaged the Medecins Sans Frontieres ( MSF)-backed al - Quds hospital after it was hit by airstrikes , in a rebel - held area of Syria 's Aleppo Reuters 6/14 Bombing in Aleppo Syrians evacuate an injured man amid the rubble of destroyed buildings following an air strike on a rebel - held of Aleppo on April 29 , 2016 .
AFP / Getty Images 7/14 Bombing in Aleppo People inspect the damage at a site hit by airstrikes , in the rebel - held area of Aleppo 's Bustan al - Qasr AP 

UNK, UNK, UNK, Aleppo, Aleppo

As FAIR noted two weeks ago , the Clinton campaign directly coordinates online media with its Super PAC Correct the Record which has been attacking Sanders with an online troll army , text messages , videos , infographics and talking points for months .
So even if one accepts the libertarian myth that Super PACs are somehow separate from campaigns , this can not be said about this Super PAC , which freely admits it works with Clinton .
Using TV appearances and social media , Clinton herself linked Sanders to the Sandy Hook massacre and the far - right Minutemen militia .
The core of the argument is that Sanders has never been asked about his “ socialist ties ” from the ‘ 70s and ‘ 80s .
From Goldberg ’s May 2 polemic : 
<arg5> victims(person/organisation)

Clinton, Sanders

Advertisement “ Our government refuses to hire the best people , ” McAfee said , “ because the best people have purple hair , tattoos and piercings , and they want to smoke weed while they work .
So the Russians are hiring them .
” McAfee also questions the truthfulness of the FBI ’s assertion that it had no way to break into the San Bernardino shooter ’s phone unless Apple weakened the security of the iPhone ’s operating system .
In an interview with Forbes , McAfee said the FBI could have unlocked the phone “ immediately ” with a device in their possession , a Cellebrite UFED Touch .


ANS: <arg1> -> employee <arg2> -> government <

We ’ve lost our privacy .
We ’ve seen , under Obama , an assault against civil liberties that has outstripped what George W. Bush carried out .
We ’ve seen the executive branch misinterpret the 2001 Authorization to Use Military Force Act as giving itself the right to assassinate American citizens , including children .
I speak of Anwar al - Awlaki ’s 16-year - old son .
We have bailed out the banks , pushed through programs of austerity .


Answer: <arg1>: Obama, <arg2>: Anwar al

As Mr. Marczak examined the spyware further , he found that it was being deployed from 67 different servers and that the emails had baited more than 400 people into clicking its links and unknowingly loading its malware onto their machines .
He also found that 24 Emiratis were being targeted with the same spyware on Twitter .
At least three of those targeted were arrested shortly after the surveillance began ; another was later convicted of insulting Emirate rulers in absentia .
Mr. Marczak and the Citizen Lab plan to release details of the custom Emirates spyware online on Monday .
He has developed a tool he called Himaya — an Arabic word that roughly means “ protection ” — that will allow others to see if they are being targeted as well .


Answer: <UNK>, spyware, <UNK>, <UN

They include President Xi Jinping and two more , Zhang Gaoli and Liu Yanshan , who sit on the party 's powerful seven - member Standing Committee .
According to several reports , posts about the leak are being scrubbed from Chinese social networks including Sina Weibo and Wechat , after the topic started to trend on those networks early Monday .
The so - called papers , which were comprised of 11 million documents leaked from Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca and reported on Sunday , indicate that at least 140 current or former world leaders set up offshore accounts to conceal their assets .
In total , the firm has set up more than 240,000 of those accounts .
Several Western countries have begun investigations into whether the information warrants prosecution .


UNK, UNK, UNK, UNK, UNK

On Sunday evening , the leader of Yemen ’s Houthi Ansarullah movement condemned the Saudi funeral attack , saying the assault points to the frustration of the United States and the Saudi regime in the war on the impoverished Arab country .
The US has been supporting the Saudi regime in the war on Yemen .
Abdul Malik al - Houthi said Saudi Arabia and its regional allies would not have carried out the Saturday airstrike if they had not received the green light from Washington .
This photo provided by the media bureau of Yemen ’s operations command shows a Scud - type Borkan-1 ( Volcano-1 ) missile .
Meanwhile , Yemeni army forces have launched a locally - designed and -manufactured Borkan-1 ( Volcano-1 ) ballistic missile toward an area deep inside Saudi Arabia in response to Riyadh ’s atrocious aerial attacks against the country .

<arg5> victims

Answer: <arg1> Saudi Arabia <

The bar has now been set so low for the GOP nominee that he could do the following on stage in St. Louis and still receive passing grades : suggest that as president he would jail his opponent ; defend Vladimir Putin and Russia over the hacking of the U.S. election ; praise brutal Syrian tyrant Bashar Assad ; admit to not paying federal income tax ; and rebuke his own running mate for daring to criticize Russia over the indiscriminate bombing of Syrian civilians .
That 's a very partial list .
Trump also lied with enthusiastic regularity , again saying he opposed the second Iraq war before it started ( he did n't ) , claimed his opponent would jack up the tax rate on the middle class ( she says she wo n't ) and protested that he did not Tweet at 3 a.m. that people should check out a sex tape featuring a former Miss Universe ( he did ) .
And never mind that Trump spent the first portion of the debate apologizing for a video leaked over the weekend in which he grotesquely bragged about his ability to commit sexual assault because he 's a " star .
" Diving deeply into the gutter , Trump tried to turn the video into a bizarre bank shot attack on Clinton by bringing to the debate women who claim former President Bill Clinton sexually abused them .

<arg5> victims(person)

arg1: Donald Trump 

WikiLeaks was the subject of every cable TV discussion and every newspaper front page , and press packs swarmed the gates of every address even tenuously connected to it .
Commentators called for arrest , deportation , rendition , or even assassination of Assange and his associates .
At the same time , WikiLeaks was having its payment accounts frozen by Visa and Mastercard , Amazon Web Services pulled hosting support , and Assange was jailed for a week in the UK ( before being bailed ) on unrelated charges relating to alleged sexual offences in Sweden .
Inside WikiLeaks , a tiny organisation with only a few hundred thousand dollars in the bank , such pressure felt immense .
Most of the handful of people within came from a left - wing activist background , many were young and inexperienced , and few had much trust of the US government – especially after months of reading cables of US mistakes and overreactions in the Afghan and Iraq war logs , often with tragic consequences .


UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK

His statement provoked a sharp reaction from the broadcaster , which denounced Gulen ’s attempt to pressure the channel to cancel its broadcast , and aired the documentary .
“ We can never accept this .
We will protest against any attempt to exert pressure that threatens freedom of expression , ” said TV4 ’s program director , Viveka Hansson , in a statement on the company ’s website .
Speaking to Expressen , Gulen said that he had “ full respect for freedom of expression and for the channel , ” but refused to retract his plea to TV4 to withdraw the documentary piece .
“ These are my feelings .


Answer: Viveka Hansson, TV4's website

“ There ’s a 27-year - old who works for the DNC and who was shot in the back , murdered , just a few weeks ago , for unknown reasons as he was walking down the streets in Washington .
” Seth Rich , shown at left , a DNC employee who did voter outreach , was shot to death last month early in the morning in Washington , D.C. The case is unsolved and Washington , D.C. , police have speculated it was an attempted robbery .
On Reddit , his death has become the source of theories about whether he was involved in the leaks .
WikiLeaks released emails and files from the Democratic National Committee last month .

<arg5> numbers of victims

Answer: 
<arg1

They were quickly released and pardoned following international pressure .
But Mr. Mansoor ’s real troubles began shortly after his release .
He was beaten and robbed of his car , and $ 140,000 was stolen from his bank account .
He did not learn that he was being monitored until a year later , when Mr. Marczak found the spyware on his devices .
“ It was as bad as someone encroaching in your living room , a total invasion of privacy , and you begin to learn that maybe you should n’t trust anyone anymore , ” Mr. Mansoor recalled .

<arg5> physical/psychological

<arg1> attacker(

It was everything we hate about scripted mannequin candidates captured in a brief crack in the political façade .
Charles Ommanney / Getty Rubio plummeted in the polls , and Kasich , already mentally checked out , was the surprise second - place finisher in New Hampshire , with 15.8 percent of the vote .
" Something big happened tonight , " Kasich said vaguely , not seeming sure what that thing was exactly .
Even worse from a Republican point of view , Dinkley McBush somehow finished fourth , above Rubio and in a virtual tie with Iowa winner Ted Cruz .


Answer: <arg1> Kasich, <arg2> 15.8

The Russian embassy in Pyongyang made the announcement this week that 2,394 tons of flour and other food items have been sent to the North Korean port city of Chongjin , Sputnik news agency reported Thursday .
The flour was sent through the United Nations World Food Program and was made possible with a Russian donation , according to South Korean news agency Yonhap .
This is the second time in 2016 Russia has delivered a shipment .
In March , Moscow provided funds for the delivery of 2,500 tons of flour to North Korea .
The flour is to be used to produce nutritious biscuits and cereals that can be distributed to child daycare centers in North Hamgyong and Kangwon provinces , according to the report .


Answer: <arg1> Russia <arg2> 2,394 tons

Oil prices have dropped below $ 30 a barrel in recent months , a fall of 70 percent since 2014 .
Al Jazeera 's Bernard Smith , reporting from Doha , said that the challenge would be to get other producing countries , including Iran , to freeze production as well .
Iran 's IRNA news agency said on Sunday the country had exported its first crude shipment to Europe since it reached a landmark deal last year with world powers .
IRNA quoted Rokneddin Javadi , Iran 's deputy oil minister , as saying the shipment , the first in five years , marked " a new chapter " in Iran 's oil industry .
Javadi said Iran had already reached an agreement to export oil to France , Russia and Spain .


Answer: <arg1> Iran <arg2> crude shipment <arg

The 2010 ban sent prices skyrocketing in key markets like Egypt , fueling unrest that contributed to a revolution .
But exports have been growing since Russia first returned in volume to the global wheat market in 2002 .
Over the first seven months of this year , farm and food exports were 5.5 percent of Russia ’s total , still far behind top - ranked oil and gas but the highest share in at least 15 years and more than big earners like weapons , according to official data .
“ With our nature and climate , it ’s our destiny to be an exporter , ” said Arkady Zlochevsky , president of the Russian Grain Union , an industry group .
The price of Russian wheat for export from Black Sea ports dropped to the lowest in at least six years in July and was last at $ 169 a metric ton as of Sept. 30 , according to the Institute for Agricultural Market Studies .


Answer: <arg1> Russia <arg2> wheat <arg3

New Delhi , Aug 14 : Congress vice - president Rahul Gandhi on Friday voiced his support for the ex - servicemen protesting at the Jantar Mantar here and challenged Prime Minister Narendra Modi to come out with a date bringing in the One Rank , One Pension ( OROP ) scheme .
The Gandhi scion , who interacted with the ex - servicemen here , told the media that they should not be removed from the protest venue as they are not doing anything wrong .
" People from the army and jawans spend their lives on the border , they are protesting now and they should n't be removed .
These people are just protesting and not doing anything wrong .
They should n't be hurt and removed , they 're protesting for their right .


Answer: arg1: ex-servicemen
        arg2:

This number is consistent with a long - term trend of declining violent crime in Maryland during O'Malley 's time in office , from 2007 - 2015 .
But Maryland 's drop in the number of violent crimes reported also coincided with a national drop in violent crime reported by the FBI in the same period .
Meanwhile , O'Malley argued that his state - level policies helped reduce the rate of those imprisoned to a 20-year low .
The Bureau of Justice Statistics listed Maryland 's imprisoned population at 19,977 in 1992 .
By 2002 , that number had jumped to 24,162 , but by 2012 , the number imprisoned had dropped to 22,558 .


Answer: UNK, UNK, UNK, Maryland, UNK

American presidents face crises like this on a regular basis .
President Ronald Reagan faced a similar situation in 1988 when the US accidentally shot down an Iranian civilian aircraft .
In 2001 , in one of George W. Bush ’s first foreign policy tests , a US spy plane crashed in China after colliding with a Chinese fighter jet that had been following it .
Bush apologized to the Chinese .
Reagan never formally apologized to the Iranians , but the two nations ultimately reached a settlement .


arg1: US spy plane
arg2: Aircraft 
arg3

So far , it ’s unclear whether Trump or Clinton will benefit most from a strong third - party vote .
There are voters in each party who feel spurned by their party 's ticket — Republicans who refuse to side with Trump , and Bernie Sanders Bernie SandersSanders to GOP on healthcare bill : ' What are you afraid of ? ' Dems step up attacks on GOP ObamaCare bill Live coverage : Senate Dems hold talkathon to protest GOP health plan MORE supporters who feel their candidate did not get a fair shake in the Democratic primary .
Conventional wisdom has held that votes for the Libertarian ticket would hurt Republicans , while Green Party votes would do damage to the Democrats .
That dynamic is borne out by recent polling .


Answer: <arg1> Democrats, <arg2> Democratic primary

The Koch - funded technology firm i360 manages all that data and produces those apps AFP canvassers rely on when they ’re knocking on doors .
Its database is a vault of voting records , consumer data , census information and social media profiles on more than 250 million adults , i360 says , 190 million of whom are registered to vote .
In today ’s high - tech politics , this kind of granular data is crucial for conducting the kind of targeted campaigns that win elections .
“ They ’ve been very transparent about what they ’re trying to do , and I think a lot of people do n’t believe them , ” Wilson muses .
“ They want to replace political parties .
” 
<UNK>

He also became the largest contributor to Governor Hugh Carey of New York , except for Carey ’s brother .
Trump and his father gave $ 135,000 .
He was moving quickly now ; he had set himself up in a Fifth Avenue office and a Fifth Avenue apartment and had hired Louise Sunshine , Carey ’s chief of fund - raising , as his “ director of special projects .
” “ I knew Donald better than anyone , ” she told me .
“ We ’re a team , Sunshine and Trump , and when people shove us , we shove harder .
” Sunshine had raised millions of dollars for Carey , and she had one of the greatest address books in the city .
She took Donald to meet every city and state power broker and worked on the sale of the Trump Tower apartments .


Answer
<arg1> Louise Sunshine 
<arg2> Carey

Trump has tried to downplay any potential issues involving his own business empire and the Russian government by insisting , among other things , “ I do n’t know Putin .
’’ But his two aides were unable to distance themselves .
Manafort resigned from the campaign in August amid growing heat over his ties to Ukraine ’s pro - Russian government .
Gates hung on a bit longer — till last month — before he also stepped down .
Through Manafort ’s consulting company , David Manafort & Freeman , the pair had helped elect Viktor Yanukovich , Ukraine ’s pro - Putin president .


Paul Manafort/Manafort/ employee/he David Manafort & Freeman/organ

RELATED : With Disasters Everywhere , It ’s Time to Take Foreign Policy Seriously Again In what mental universe other than the president ’s does being raised in Hawaii and Indonesia and spending adulthood rising through the academy and U.S. political institutions grant someone a deep ( or even superficial ! ) understanding of Zionism , of the Holocaust , of four wars for survival over 25 years , of unending terrorist violence directed toward civilians , of hijackings and kidnappings and bombings and stabbings , of SCUD attacks from Iraq , rockets from Lebanon and Gaza , incitement and de - legitimization campaigns from Tehran ? Conversely , what in President Obama ’s life story leads him to comprehend the Palestinians , addicted to enmity and resentment and violence , victims of institutional collapse and official corruption , awash and adrift in the worst movements of the last 100 years , from nationalism to socialism to pan - Arabism to Islamic fundamentalism ? Does Obama actually believe that buried in every disagreement with him is an assumption of his inferiority ? 
<arg5> victims

<arg1>: UNK
<arg

Image copyright AFP Image caption Persecuted Armenian intellectuals were remembered at a ceremony in Istanbul in April The German parliament has approved a resolution declaring that the mass killing of Armenians by Ottoman Turks during World War One was a " genocide " .
Armenians say up to 1.5 million of their people died in the atrocities of 1915 .
Turkey says the toll was much lower and rejects the term " genocide " .


Answer: Ottoman Turks, Armenians, Sharps, 1915

The infection has resurfaced in western Siberia 75 years after the previous outbreak .
The child died in hospital in the city of Salekhard , the capital of the Yamalo - Nenetsk Autonomous Area , where quarantine over the anthrax outbreak was declared last week .
The boy was among several dozen indigenous people evacuated from the contaminated area .
“ We are 90 percent sure that he died from anthrax .
He had the intestinal form of the disease , which is harder to diagnose , ” the office of Yamal Governor Dmitry Kobylkin told TASS .


Answer:
<arg1> Yamal Governor Dmitry Kobylkin 

Nixon first emphasised US aid to the refugees , but then sharply warned that launching a war was unacceptable .
He said that the United States needed to maintain some influence with Pakistan , which explained a “ most limited ” continuation of military supply .
Hitting his talking points , he recited the ways that the United States had ameliorated Pakistan ’s positions : preventing a famine in East Pakistan , naming a civilian governor of East Pakistan , welcoming back refugees , talking to acceptable Awami League leaders , not executing Mujib , and now withdrawing some troops from India ’s border .
The United States could go no further .
Gandhi listened , Kissinger later wrote , with “ aloof indifference .
” 

<UNK>, <UNK>, <UNK>, <UNK

In the three years since Edward Snowden landed in Moscow , his relationship with his hosts has been a source of much speculation and controversy .
The American IT contractor , who worked for the CIA and NSA until he fled Hawaii with more than a million purloined secret files , has not left Russia since he arrived at Sheremetyevo airport on 23 June 2013 , on a flight from Hong Kong .
Snowden landed in Moscow with the permission of the Russian government , whose representatives he met during his sojourn in Hong Kong that lasted more than three weeks .
He became so friendly with them that he actually celebrated his 30th birthday at the Russian consulate ! 

Answer: <arg1> Edward Snowden <arg2> himself <arg

Investors from local farmers to billionaire tycoons are pumping money into the business .
Russian wheat has crowded out U.S. supplies in Egypt , the world ’s biggest buyer , and is gaining footholds in some other countries , such as Nigeria , Bangladesh and Indonesia .
That ’s four decades after the Soviet Union turned to U.S. shipments of wheat and corn to offset shortfalls in its own harvests .
Over the last decade , Russia has been the biggest single source of growth in wheat exports , vital to meeting surging global demand .
“ Russia will be among the top exporters for a long time , especially given the potential advances in productivity there , ” said Tom Basnett , general manager at Market Check , a Sydney - based commodity consultant .


Answer: <arg1> Russia <arg2> wheat <arg3

His promise to use his executive power to reopen that case , and have it investigated again , was unlike anything in recent presidential debates .
“ It ’s just awfully good that someone with the temperament of Donald Trump is not in charge of the law in our country , ” Clinton said .
“ Because you ’d be in jail , ” Trump said .
The first half - hour of this debate was dominated not by questions from the undecided voters in the audience , but by interruptions and accusations by Trump himself .
At one point , Trump referred to the endorsement by Sen. Bernie Sanders ( Vt .
) of Clinton as a deal with “ the Devil .
” 

UNK, UNK, UNK, UNK, UNK

Apart from one important detail .
Litvinenko never visits the hotel bathroom .
He is not the source of the polonium ; it is his Russian companions - turned - executioners who bring it with them to London , in this , their second poisoning attempt .
* * * The Soviet Union had a long tradition of bumping off its enemies .

<arg5> number of victims

arg1: Soviet Union
arg

This is just a mess .
First off , he dodges a question on Afghanistan by offering a very bad answer on a totally unrelated topic , ISIS .
He once again calls that conflict a " war for the soul of Islam " — this is false , and it is both worrying reductive and cringe - inducingly tasteless to make it about Islam .
He repeats his bizarre praise for the authoritarian monarch for Jordan .
He says that a " Muslim army , " which he often brings up as his magical unicorn solution for ISIS , should fix it .

<arg5> victims 

Answer: <arg1> = Donald

He even suggested that one leaked email , where a Politico columnist asked Podesta to fact - check part of a story he was writing , was evidence this is “ a media - rigged election .
” Unlike Clinton , Trump ’s polling numbers have only nosedived for the last two weeks since The Washington Post reported he once bragged about grabbing women “ by the pussy ” without their consent .
In the last presidential debate , he promised to try to incarcerate Clinton if elected and tried to make an issue out of Bill Clinton ’s past sexual misconduct .
He also said he had never sexually assaulted anyone — a remark that prompted ten women to publicly accuse him of sexual misconduct .
His campaign ’s circumstances have only grown more dire since then , which means he ’s likely to feel completely liberated on the debate stage .


UNK, UNK, UNK, UNK, UNK

David Petraeus Listed on the Bilderberg website as “ Chairman , KKR Global Institute ” , Mr Petraeus is also a former director of the CIA .
Appointed by Geroge W Bush as the general commanding the multinational force in Iraq in 2007 , he orchestrated what became known as ‘ the surge ’ , bringing in 30,000 more troops to the country in a move which appeared to quell the insurgency there .
An expert in counter - insurgency , he was made director of the CIA by Barack Obama in 2011 .
He resigned , however , in November 2012 after it was reported that he had had an affair with his biographer Paula Broadwell .


Answer: <arg1> David Petraeus <arg2> <UNK

By By Kesavan Unnikrishnan Mar 13 , 2016 in Environment A newly released government document says the Canadian government is spending $ 2.5 million to monitor the annual commercial seal hunt , the largest marine mammal cull on the planet , which had an export value of only $ 500,000 .
Commercial hunt has shrunk in recent years as major export markets such as the European Union , the United States and Russia have banned import of seal - fur products over animal - welfare concerns .
Still , more than 38,000 seals were killed in the year 2015 .


Answer: <UNK>, seal fur products, <UNK>, European

Putin was not in the car at the time .
Russian media reports that the president ’s official driver was killed in the crash .
Related Stories if looks could kill Obama and Putin in tense G20 standoff as they fail to reach a breakthrough on Syria PUTIN MEETIN ’ ETON Eleven Eton pupils made guests of honour by Vladimir Putin at the Kremlin … pipping Theresa May BETRAYING LABOUR ’S VALUES Corbyn is playing into Putin ’s hands by refusing to defend a Nato ally , says former chief SYRIA CARNAGE Russia has killed more civilians than ISIS as Putin 's jets blitz war - ravaged Syria VLAD ’S DIRTY BILLIONS Inside the murky finances of Russian president Vladimir Putin who critics claim has hundreds of billions of secret personal wealth THREAT OF WAR Fears of all - out conflict in Ukraine as Vladimir Putin places 40,000 troops along the border PUTIN 'S PURGE Shock as Vladimir Putin ’s sacks his Chief - of - Staff after years in the Russian President ’s inner circle Medics are said to have arrived quickly on the scene , but the unnamed victim — who had more than 40 years ’ driving experience — died instantly .
It is not known if the driver of the other vehicle was injured in the crash .


Answer: <arg1> The president's official driver <arg2>

But Assange , in an interview with a Dutch news program highlighted by the conspiracy website InfoWars , implied Rich was the source of the email and was killed for working with his group “ Whistleblowers often take very significant efforts to bring us material and often at very significant risks , ” Assange said in the interview , before bringing up , unpromoted , that Rich was killed “ for unknown reasons .
” When the interviewer pressed Assange by noting Rich ’s death was “ just a robbery , ” Assange replied , “ No .
There ’s no finding .
” Asked what he was suggesting , Assange replied , “ I ’m suggesting that our sources take risks ... We are concerned about it .
” 
<arg5> Rich 

Answer:
<arg1> Assange

Anti - American sentiment among Turks is on the rise and can only be calmed by the United States extraditing the Muslim cleric Ankara accuses of orchestrating last month ’s failed coup , Turkey ’s justice minister said on Tuesday .
Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan blames Fethullah Gulen , who has lived in self - imposed exile in rural Pennsylvania since 1999 , and his followers for the July 15 coup , in which more than 240 people were killed and nearly 2,200 wounded .
Turkey has launched a series of mass purges of suspected Gulen supporters in its armed forces , other state institutions , universities , schools and the media since the abortive coup , prompting Western concerns for the stability of a key NATO ally .

<arg5> number of victims

<arg1> Tayyip Erdogan 

A third barrel bomb landed at the facility 's gate , causing many of the casualties , he said .
" We can not be certain who is responsible for this attack , " he said .
" What we know is it is the Syrian government that has been usually using these barrel bombs in the past .
" The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights earlier reported that 27 people were killed at the hospital , including at least three children and three doctors .
The hospital strike came amid an increase in violence around Aleppo , a key city in northern Syria , and other regions , despite a nationwide " cessation of hostilities " technically being in force .

<arg5> victims (number)

Answer: 
<arg

Former President Bill Clinton was a much more frequent flyer on a registered sex offender ’s infamous jet than previously reported , with flight logs showing the former president taking at least 26 trips aboard the “ Lolita Express ” -- even apparently ditching his Secret Service detail for at least five of the flights , according to records obtained by FoxNews.com .
Clinton ’s presence aboard Jeffrey Epstein ’s Boeing 727 on 11 occasions has been reported , but flight logs show the number is more than double that , and trips between 2001 and 2003 included extended junkets around the world with Epstein and fellow passengers identified on manifests by their initials or first names , including “ Tatiana .
” The tricked - out jet earned its Nabakov - inspired nickname because it was reportedly outfitted with a bed where passengers had group sex with young girls .
“ Bill Clinton … associated with a man like Jeffrey Epstein , who everyone in New York , certainly within his inner circles , knew was a pedophile , ” said Conchita Sarnoff , of the Washington , D.C. based non - profit Alliance to Rescue Victims of Trafficking , and author of a book on the Epstein case called " TrafficKing .
" “ Why would a former president associate with a man like that ? ” Expand / Contract Epstein owns the entire 72-acre island .


Bill Clinton <arg1>, himself <arg2>, the "Lol

The TNM , based in this humid corner of south - east Texas near the Louisiana border , is the most prominent and best organised of the groups that want the Lone Star state to go it alone , and plausibly asserts that the issue is growing in popularity and gathering more mainstream credibility ( or at least , less mainstream ridicule ) .
Miller , 42 , is a polished advocate who grew up in a politically active household and became frustrated by what he sees as the shackles of a federal government that are stopping Texas from reaching its full potential .
Buoyed by the rearguard action at the battle of the Alamo , Texas toiled to free itself from Mexican rule and was an independent nation from 1836 to 1845 .
But its fiercely solitary spirit did not fade when it became part of the union .
Texas Independence Day , 2 March , is still an annual state holiday .

<arg5> victim(persons/objects/governments)



His stake was diluted to less than 1 percent after EyeLock was acquired last year by Voxx International , according to a shareholder close to Manafort .
EyeLock ’s push to get into the Moscow metro system was no different than working with the Federal Security Service , or FSB , the successor of the Soviet Union ’s KGB , analysts told The Post .
“ Really , the FSB is everywhere , ” Steven L. Hall , who ran intelligence operations for the Central Intelligence Agency in Eurasia and Latin America for 30 years before retiring in 2015 , told The Post .
“ If the Russian metro officials suspected anything difficult or problematic they would call the FSB .
“ It would not surprise me , as a former intelligence officer , that the Russians are looking to have that capability , ” he said .


<arg1> Steven L. Hall
<arg2> Central Intelligence

Academics have rallied to the defence of one of the world ’s leading Holocaust historians after reports that Poland intends to strip him of a national honour because he claimed that Poles were complicit in Nazi war crimes .
Princeton University professor Jan Tomasz Gross , 69 , was awarded the Order of Merit of the Republic of Poland in 1996 .
He is best known for his 2001 book Neighbors , which describes in graphic detail the 1941 massacre by Polish villagers of up to 1,600 Jewish men , women and children .
The book inspired Aftermath ( Pokłosie ) , a 2012 film directed by Władysław Pasikowski .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A scene from the 2012 film Aftermath , based on Gross ’s book .

<arg5> victims

<arg1> Poland 
<arg

A soldier fires a rocket launcher as other U.S. servicemen watch during the Exercise Noble Partner on May 14 .
ZURAB KURTSIKIDZE / EPA The equipment was shipped across the Black Sea and transported by rail to the military training area .
For the Georgian military , the exercise has become a source of prestige .
" We are proud to have them here and it ’s a unique opportunity to train with these advanced troops and this advanced equipment , " Lt .
Col .
Beka Ambroladze said .


Answer: 
<arg1> U.S. servicemen 

Since the end of World War II , NATO allies have stood with each other , on the core notion that an attack on one is an attack on all ; the principle was invoked in the wake of 9/11 , when allies rushed to America ’s side in the war in Afghanistan .
Trump sees NATO as just another contract to be broken .
Asked whether he would provide military aid to NATO members Estonia , Latvia and Lithuania if Russia encroached on them , Trump suggested the U.S. would honor treaty obligations only if an invaded country was appropriately paying into NATO ’s budget .
It is little wonder why 50 Republican national security officials wrote an unprecedented joint letter saying that Trump “ would be the most reckless President in American history .
” 13 .
Trump the misogynist The videotape heard round the world confirmed that Donald Trump ’s misogyny is even deeper and more repulsive than he had long displayed .

<arg5> victims(person)

<arg1> Russia 

Donald Trump repeatedly defended his claim that the Mexican government is sending criminals and rapists to the United States .
But a range of studies shows there is no evidence immigrants commit more crimes than native - born Americans .
Moreover , the vast majority of unauthorized immigrants in prison do not belong in the category that fit Trump ’s description : aggravated felons , whose crimes include murder , drug trafficking or illegal trafficking of firearms .
Fox News host Megyn Kelly asked Donald Trump a pointed question about his verbal treatment of women .
On the Sunday shows , Trump refused to apologize — and further asserted that Kelly lists things he did not say .


Answer: <UNK>, <UNK>, <UNK>, <

Meanwhile , O'Malley argued that his state - level policies helped reduce the rate of those imprisoned to a 20-year low .
The Bureau of Justice Statistics listed Maryland 's imprisoned population at 19,977 in 1992 .
By 2002 , that number had jumped to 24,162 , but by 2012 , the number imprisoned had dropped to 22,558 .
Maryland 's population , meanwhile , had increased from 4.8 million in 1990 to 5.8 million in 2010 , meaning the raw number imprisoned may have increased overall in that roughly 20-year span , but the rate itself decreased .
Verdict : True .


Answer: <arg1> O'Malley <arg2> imprisoned population

“ If he does n’t win , his ego and legacy will still dominate American politics .
He has basically set the tone for the coming century in which an isolated authoritarian state could be a very real prospect for our country , ” he said .
Did Trump threaten to assassinate Clinton ? The Guardian also reached out to the 100 secret Trump supporters to get their take on Trump ’s comments this week that gun owners could exercise their second amendment right in protest of Clinton , a line seen by many as a threat of assassination .
Here ’s a selection of their responses : 

Answer: <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <

Pay compensation – a lot of it .
Sine qua non – end the God - awful blockade .
Throughout the period of the Cuban revolution , 1959 to the present , Latin America has witnessed a terrible parade of human rights violations – systematic , routine torture ; legions of “ disappeared ” people ; government - supported death squads picking off selected individuals ; massacres en masse of peasants , students and other groups .
The worst perpetrators of these acts during this period have been the military and associated paramilitary squads of El Salvador , Guatemala , Brazil , Argentina , Chile , Colombia , Peru , Mexico , Uruguay , Haiti and Honduras .
However , not even Cuba ’s worst enemies have made serious charges against the Havana government for any of such violations ; and if one further considers education and health care , “ both of which,” said President Bill Clinton , “ work better [ in Cuba ] than most other countries ” , and both of which are guaranteed by the United Nations “ Universal Declaration of Human Rights ” and the “ European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms ” , then it would appear that during the more - than - half century of its revolution , Cuba has enjoyed one of the very best human - rights records in all of Latin America .

<arg5> victim

Answer: 
<arg1> El

Acetylfentanyl , for example , is a weaker cousin of carfentanil that China included on last year 's list of restricted substances .
Six months later , monthly seizures of acetylfentanyl in the U.S. had plummeted by 60 percent , DEA data obtained by the AP shows .
Several vendors contacted in September were willing to export carfentanil , but refused to ship the far less potent acetylfentanyl .
A Jilin Tely Import & Export Co. saleswoman offered carfentanil for $ 3,800 a kilogram , but wrote , with an apologetic happy face , that she could n't ship acetylfentanyl because it " is regulated by the government now .
" Contacted by the AP , the company said it had never shipped carfentanil to North America and had offered to sell it just " to attract the customer .
" 

Answer: <arg1> Jilin Tely Import & Export Co

Mr. Trump ’s discussion of the crisis in Turkey was telling , because it unfolded at a moment in which he could plainly imagine himself in the White House , handling an uprising that could threaten a crucial ally in the Middle East .
The United States has a major air base at Incirlik in Turkey , where it carries out attacks on the Islamic State and keeps a force of drones and about 50 nuclear weapons .
Mr. Trump had nothing but praise for President Recep Tayyip Erdogan , the country ’s increasingly authoritarian but democratically elected leader .
“ I give great credit to him for being able to turn that around , ” Mr. Trump said of the coup attempt on Friday night .
“ Some people say that it was staged , you know that , ” he said .


Answer: 
<arg1> Voters 
<arg2>

But the highest concentrations were discovered at the table where the three men were sitting , and in and around the teapot .
The polonium , the inquiry finds , was manufactured in a nuclear reactor , suggesting the role of a government rather than criminal networks .
The report conclusively rules out suggestions that Litvinenko poisoned himself , or that he was poisoned by others , as Russian officials have suggested .
“ The scientific evidence , ” Owen , the judge , said at a Thursday new conference , “ demonstrates conclusively that Alexander Litvinenko was poisoned by Andrei Lugovoi and Dimitry Kovtun .
” But Owen said the two killers had no “ personal reason ” to kill Litvinenko .

<arg5> number of victim

Answer: <arg1> Andre

In a video posted on social media by the Activestills collective photo agency , Israeli soldiers are seen hitting Palestinians with batons , throwing sound grenades , firing tear gas canisters and threatening to " use force " .
READ MORE : Israel 's stop - and - frisk law ' blatant racism ' In the southern West Bank city of Hebron , a Palestinian woman was shot dead by Israeli forces during an alleged stabbing attempt , Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld wrote on Twitter .
Outside Otniel , a nearby illegal Israeli settlement , an Israeli man died and three of his relatives were injured when their car flipped after allegedly coming under fire by a Palestinian assailant on Friday afternoon , Israeli media reported .
Although unable to comment on the Qalandia clashes , an Israeli army spokesperson told Al Jazeera the three people injured in the crash near the settlement were evacuated to a hospital .

<arg5> number of victims

Answer:  <arg1>

He added : “ I do not trust Mr Putin and Mr Trump .
With those two all things are possible .
” Alamy 5 Bennet Omalu is famous for discovering the impact of concussions on deceased NFL players I must advice the Clinton campaign to perform toxicologic analysis of Ms. Clinton 's blood .
It is possible she is being poisoned .


<UNK>, <UNK>, <UNK>, <UNK

But Rosneft 's purchase of Essar Oil will complicate Iran 's play .
Roughly 40 % of the crude imported from Iran was refined at Essar Oil 's massive refinery in the state of Gujarat .
Now that the refinery is under new ownership , it 's likely to be processing more shipments from Russia .
Lalit Kumar Gupta , Essar Oil 's chief executive officer , told Bloomberg in August that shipments from Iran would decline if Rosneft bought a stake in the Indian firm .
" When they are on board we will see how much to buy , what to buy , " he said .


Answer: <arg1> Rosneft <arg2> shipments from

